
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13176833874                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578475265701                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380975                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   488951                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 294242                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67766472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44782.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17060954086                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21896360021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       261760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       517632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       260480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       517248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       446848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       176128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       444288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       517376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       518784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5516800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1239168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1239168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         4044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         4041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         4042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 43100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19865167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39283488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19768026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39254346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19369752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       301135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19330896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33911636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13366489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33717356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19515462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19369752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39264060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19379466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39370915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               418674171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       301135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       281707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5226142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          94041407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               94041407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          94041407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       359419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19865167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39283488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19768026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39254346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19369752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       301135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19330896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33911636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       378847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13366489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33717356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       330277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19515462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       281707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19369752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39264060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19379466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39370915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              512715578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182890                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23123110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182890                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       916741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400208                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27207644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24439928     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426465      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210379      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420721      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130957      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390197      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60271      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032397      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27207644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22921290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1124175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       397843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       397843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22944980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        710753                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       339461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        76355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62655218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62655218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3458965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5154337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27207644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21564607     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753251      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916212      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100443      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561138      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140355      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164479      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3895      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27207644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21166     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8703     23.50%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081173     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99410      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297043     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395055      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.407403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53000499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12910622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       397843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        627780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711457                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.402272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7598761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.397005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26809801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22636164     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632453      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055930      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330932      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555614      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105580      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67517      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61008      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364603      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26809801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40208938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27925740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4391479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.159912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.159912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.316465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.316465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2326812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230506                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       950076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10294                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22256878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13238774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2326812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1144000                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2910460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        655296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2096005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1373550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27684147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24773687     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         315519      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         364139      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         200221      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         228914      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         126440      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87059      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         225807      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1362361      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27684147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073635                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22073542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2283062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2885813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       418468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16165783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11852                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       418468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22109079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        551805                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1633009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2874354                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        97428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16155709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22457712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75223990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75223990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19146483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3311222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2298                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          266700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       839021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       186102                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16127132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15236676                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2028335                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4692330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          413                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27684147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21268713     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2576525      9.31%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387353      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       961054      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       839800      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428592      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104725      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67307      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50078      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27684147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3772     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14404     43.70%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14788     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12755970     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238084      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1865      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1407733      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       833024      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15236676                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.482187                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32964                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58211576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18159812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14979232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15269640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38140                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275259                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          426                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       418468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        502311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16131329                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2297                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10557                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132891                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       262575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15007769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1321055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2153823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2099758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           832768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.474943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14979468                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14979232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8902908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23327832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.474039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11242437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13793307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2338098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       231621                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27265679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21631390     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612755      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1095580      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       656087      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456345      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294425      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153177      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122796      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243124      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27265679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11242437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13793307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2088548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1268273                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1974345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12434928                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       280616                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43153882                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32681300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                343053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3914976                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11242437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13793307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11242437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.810700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.810700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355783                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355783                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67689695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20795878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15079325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2138322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       827944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761931                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22656526                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13433641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2138322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       879681                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2655679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        359366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1301794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114315                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     28664308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       26008629     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          93715      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         194159      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          82503      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         440263      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         393066      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          75955      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         159568      0.56%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1216450      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     28664308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.425127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22418395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      3349532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2645628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         8507                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       242241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       187926                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15750015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       242241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22449167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3092389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       152465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2626854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       101187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15739729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        51119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        33269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1757                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18490506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     74118424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     74118424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16355993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2134513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          234731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3709633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1874788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        91508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15706405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1845                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15083357                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1236816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2983443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28664308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23246960     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1653757      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339693      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578167      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721827      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684259      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389559      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30932      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19154      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28664308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37821     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289647     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8426      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9466633     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131739      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3614261     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869822     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15083357                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59176047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16945486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14953128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15419251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       242241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       3015886                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15708266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3709633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68017                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       133422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14976969                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3602307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5471936                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1963143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1869629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473968                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14953641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14953128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8079814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15951777                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506515                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12139660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14265869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1444233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       116339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28422067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23227301     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1912482      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       890383      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       876330      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241898      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001778      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76224      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55563      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140108      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28422067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     12139660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14265869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5424344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3562006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1884242                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12685447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       138186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       140108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43992022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          31662475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                488056                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2934815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          12139660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14265869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     12139660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.602966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.602966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       74030620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17374194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      18744343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2331419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908102                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22280409                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13249257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2331419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1146712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2912619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        655110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2110487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1374419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229575                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27723653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24811034     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         315930      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         364678      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         200104      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         229732      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         127113      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          88034      0.32%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         225081      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1361947      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27723653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.419292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22098045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2296616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2888043                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        23150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       417795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       378164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16170347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       417795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22133692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        677829                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1519966                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2876168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        98199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16159641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        46179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22462968                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     75230773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     75230773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19162443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3300517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          268121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       838736                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       186291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16129293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15240220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2016989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4678307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27723653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21302541     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2581436      9.31%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1388330      5.01%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962721      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       838712      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       427914      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104669      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67111      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50219      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27723653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3916     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13845     42.54%     54.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14788     45.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12757539     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238011      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1866      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1409985      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832819      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15240220                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.482299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58258238                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18150604                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14984103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15272769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17821                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          677                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       417795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        627877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16133471                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838736                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11210                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       262968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15013163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1323520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2156094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2101561                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           832574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.475113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14984396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14984103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8904020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        23318616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.474194                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11251688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13804752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2328909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       231846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27305858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21665252     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2615506      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097256      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657581      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456431      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295104      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153102      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122873      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242753      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27305858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11251688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13804752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2090221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1269306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1976027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12445200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       280850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       242753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43196688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32685142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                342781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3875470                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11251688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13804752                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11251688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.808390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.808390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.356076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.356076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67716840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20802504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15091353                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2136283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1927209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       828703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5077                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22632467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13418410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2136283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       879567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2653508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        359816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3106939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1300534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     28635783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       25982275     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          94169      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         194141      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          82068      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         440517      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         392819      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          76019      0.27%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         158651      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1215124      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     28635783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22407431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      3333699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2643535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         8488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       242625                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       187753                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15732600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       242625                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22437517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3083882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       151237                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2625436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        95081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15722676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           63                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        46777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        32425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          721                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18466096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     74037665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     74037665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16333322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2132762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          227568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3706712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1872944                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        91740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15689773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15067374                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1238098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2978367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28635783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23229089     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1646913      5.75%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1337274      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576684      2.01%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721861      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684615      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389201      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31032      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19114      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28635783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37837     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289701     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8458      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9455805     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131483      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3611024     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1868162     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15067374                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.476829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335996                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59115499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16930130                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14937457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15403370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1325                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       242625                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3013206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28915                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15691631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3706712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1872944                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67801                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       133332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14961356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3599167                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5467108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1960652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1867941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14937979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14937457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8069873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        15930258                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472717                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12124517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14247746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       116396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28393158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23208175     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1906746      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888148      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875395      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241562      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001567      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76296      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55492      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139777      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28393158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     12124517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14247746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5419130                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3558642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12669241                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       137942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       139777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43946665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          31629316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                487925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2963340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          12124517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14247746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     12124517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.606217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.606217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383698                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383698                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       73956884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17352138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      18724506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2185799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955210                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23152369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12422171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2185799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1564985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2771019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        577995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       908693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1402303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172162                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27233401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24462382     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         426231      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211161      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         421100      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         131738      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         390554      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60376      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96530      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1033329      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27233401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.069173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.393118                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22951139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1115614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2765313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       399064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       203401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13871065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5177                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       399064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22974832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        702192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       339661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2741644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        76004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13850270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        57109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18127805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62730420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62730420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14659181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3468611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          178572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       399193                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        90225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13777373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12888341                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27233401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21583114     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757459      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1917056      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1101155      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562088      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140583      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164824      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3882      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3240      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27233401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21269     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8764     23.56%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10093392     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99451      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298971     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395625      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12888341                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.407870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53056106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16294442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12558283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12925543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       399064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        619427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13779229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399193                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118187                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       186214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12725063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2266312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2661909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1936130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           395597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.402703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12561238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12558283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7605285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16475448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.397425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461613                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11245950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       174448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26834337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22656223     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635442      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056356      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330541      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556384      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105972      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67696      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61183      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364540      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26834337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10007858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11245950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2392932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2004119                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1727375                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9821172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       364540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           40249521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27958929                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                519630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4365722                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10007858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11245950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10007858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.157431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.157431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59179085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16342049                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14764650                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2178288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       174582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1454490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1429682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128144                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23058620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12379868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2178288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1557826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2760720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        574761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       915548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1396187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       170997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27134131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.745004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24373411     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         424820      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         210386      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         419127      1.54%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         130492      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         388634      1.43%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          60235      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          96481      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1030545      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27134131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.391779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22857088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1122676                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2755110                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       397006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       202795                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13824648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         5075                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       397006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22880864                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        703700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       345057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2731361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        76139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13803472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        10395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        57566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18069800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62520175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62520175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14613631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3456143                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1835                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          179061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2509733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       398484                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        90857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13730948                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12844383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2504774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5143394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27134131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21504406     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1750395      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1909977      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1097122      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560337      2.07%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140339      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164481      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3853      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3221      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27134131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21209     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8709     23.48%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10059862     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99321      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2289447     17.82%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394853      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12844383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.406479                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52868711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16237606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12516531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       513394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       397006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        620537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13732801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2509733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398484                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       185001                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12682143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2257423                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2652240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1929698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           394817                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.401345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12519626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12516531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7580985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        16422403                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.396104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.461625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9974579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11209945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2523382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       173307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26737125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22572232     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1629809      6.10%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1053330      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330407      1.24%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       553911      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105632      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67443      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61095      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363266      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26737125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9974579                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11209945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2384285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1996332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1721723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9790152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       138061                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       363266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           40107147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27864006                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                517091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4464992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9974579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11209945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9974579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.167966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.167966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.315660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.315660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       58978965                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16289916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14714226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31596882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2221611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1816520                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       941000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         877724                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227981                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21590255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12597706                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2221611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1105705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2641012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        634934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1077079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1329462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25718722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23077710     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         142617      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         227511      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         358690      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         149996      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168315      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         176917      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         117055      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1299911      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25718722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.398701                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21388613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1280728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2632377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       410077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       364292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15383237                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       410077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21419908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        266730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       920842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2608476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        92687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15371827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        26459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        34670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5033                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21336150                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71500505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71500505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18215787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3120158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3975                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          280039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1467928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       789377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       179545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15349148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14535047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18646                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1931156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4294973                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25718722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19583545     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2464781      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347545      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919066      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855878      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247136      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191207      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        64968      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44596      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25718722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3351     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10266     38.45%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13086     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12175377     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229287      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1760      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1344539      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       784084      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14535047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54834165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17284494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14300640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14561750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44549                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          211                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          942                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       410077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        170175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15353155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          629                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1467928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       789377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          211                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       253616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14327978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1265491                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2049146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2017578                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           783655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.453462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14300876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14300640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8361406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21833841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.452597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382956                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10699693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13115192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2237891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       224160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25308645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19982368     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2580232     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004716      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540910      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404342      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226238      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139927      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124618      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305294      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25308645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10699693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13115192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1966531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1202338                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1882552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11817852                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266426                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       305294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40356356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          31116470                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                351744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               5878160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10699693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13115192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10699693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.953064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.953064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.338631                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.338631                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       64611681                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19822755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14350619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3546                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2451548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2006058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1013825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963874                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23582466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13707171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2451548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1216800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2861007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        657225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1229677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1444231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       240804                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28086889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       25225882     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133937      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         212110      0.76%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         286036      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         294485      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         249909      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         140731      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         206805      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1336994      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28086889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23342157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1472662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2855603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       413164                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       403231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16816357                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       413164                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23406366                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        198270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1127107                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2795334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       146645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16809146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        63225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23456337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     78195870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     78195870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20316570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3139752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4116                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2119                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          436133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1573292                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       852107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       259244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16786197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4130                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15935714                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1865220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4473117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28086889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21300583     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2824895     10.06%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1420604      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1043434      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       823913      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337054      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211311      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110239      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14856      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28086889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3181     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9771     36.84%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13574     51.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13402310     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238200      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1996      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1443940      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849268      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15935714                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26526                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59987293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18655618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15695680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15962240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32699                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       253709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12716                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       413164                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        163564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16790353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1573292                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       275481                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15715482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2207710                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2233282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           849189                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497339                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15695816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15695680                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9010899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        24276224                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11843280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14572596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2217769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       243481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27673725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21657263     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2999574     10.84%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117026      4.04%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533985      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471932      1.71%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258891      0.94%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211692      0.76%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102216      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321146      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27673725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11843280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14572596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2158974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1319583                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2101454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13129580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       321146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           44142866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33993922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                358687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3512234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11843280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14572596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11843280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.668106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.668106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       70727868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21866955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15590084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2215429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1811840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       218879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875029                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21521323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12561401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2215429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1102310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2632701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        634304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1066436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1325052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25631077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22998376     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142804      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         225520      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         357293      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         149689      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         167921      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         176586      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         116278      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1296610      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25631077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21319096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1270649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2624359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       410320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       362944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15338348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       410320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21351202                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        267755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       901734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2599319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       100745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15326547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        26018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13053                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21271062                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71292669                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71292669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18147639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3123394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3938                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          280876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1464398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       786360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       177830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15302391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3949                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14484551                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1937063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4315233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25631077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19517346     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2458650      9.59%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1341646      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       912998      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       853018      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246856      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190991      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65259      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44313      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25631077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3340     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10127     38.21%     50.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13035     49.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12133065     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228357      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1340496      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780879      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14484551                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458385                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26502                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54645659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17243602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14249602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14511053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        42927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266580                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       410320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        184929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15306366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1464398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9797                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       252550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14277543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1261125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2041576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2009731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           780451                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.451834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14249821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14249602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8332635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21763223                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.450949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382877                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10659588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13066025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3539                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       223294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25220757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19913618     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2571506     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001057      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       538334      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403616      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225513      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       138603      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124324      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304186      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25220757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10659588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13066025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1959146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1197818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1766                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1875499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11773528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       265420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       304186                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40222920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31023234                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                350501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5968046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10659588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13066025                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10659588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.964385                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.964385                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       64386330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19751856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14307135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3534                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2185652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23145769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12423741                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2185652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1564439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2770688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        577884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       905973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1401704                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27223861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24453173     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         426200      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         211326      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         420727      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         131528      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         389957      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60374      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96828      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1033748      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27223861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.393167                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22944818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1112596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2765037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       399186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       203195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13871843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       399186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22968522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        703128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       335704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2741331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        75986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13850808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        57424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18130687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62732791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62732791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14657130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3473548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          179111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        91008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13778384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12885364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8709                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2518175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5180432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27223861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21575346     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1756866      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916130      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1101382      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561413      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140352      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165197      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3902      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3273      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27223861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21189     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8739     23.56%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10091302     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99527      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298247     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395386      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12885364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53040396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16298439                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12555964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12922462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10126                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       399186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        620014                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13780246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       185836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12722609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2661160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1935676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           395352                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12558735                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12555964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7605072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16471609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11244211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2536574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       174241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26824675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22647018     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634876      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056892      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330758      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555743      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105961      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67817      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61282      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364328      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26824675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10006226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11244211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2392439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2003673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1727089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9819681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138352                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       364328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           40241093                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27961096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                519459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4375262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10006226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11244211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10006226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.157946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.157946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59167776                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16340733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14765613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2328878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910127                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22263937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13244952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2328878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1145657                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2910857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        655426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2101080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1373830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27696559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24785702     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         315228      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         364074      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         200058      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         229657      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         126489      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          87943      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         226252      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1361156      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27696559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.419156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22081830                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2286918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2886327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       418337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       377482                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16166293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        11962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       418337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22117285                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        596391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1592280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2874755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        97507                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16155920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        23206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        46145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22460565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75220304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75220304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19153241                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3307324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2304                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          266432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       838761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       186182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16126661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15235503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2025913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4685937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27696559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21277588     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2581443      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387546      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       961567      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       837899      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428407      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104490      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67256      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50363      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27696559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3889     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14039     42.91%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14792     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12754072     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238149      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1865      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1408524      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       832893      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15235503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32720                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58221580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18156925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14979846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15268223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18235                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          513                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       418337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        548225                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16130869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       838761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2303                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10964                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       263074                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15008149                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1322221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2154872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2100063                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           832651                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.474955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14980130                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14979846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8904120                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23322769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.474059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11246308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13798075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2332987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3763                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       231775                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27278222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21640113     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2614361      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1096971      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657503      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455777      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295047      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       152876      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122928      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242646      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27278222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11246308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13798075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2089218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1268692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1975038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12439199                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       280707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       242646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43166560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32680481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                342762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3902564                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11246308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13798075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11246308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.809733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.809733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       67697161                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20797343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15086712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2178595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1456318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1431698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5305                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23080338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12381585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2178595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1559936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2762124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        575876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       918570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1397828                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27160832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24398708     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         425089      1.57%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210623      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         419692      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         131072      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         389190      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60072      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96331      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1030055      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27160832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.391833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22880725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1123767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2756528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       397561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       202933                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13826229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5100                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       397561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22904210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        700152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       350396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2732955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        75554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13805534                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        56871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18069330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62528400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62528400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14617121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3452189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          177303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2511614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       398342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        89825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13733968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12848787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2504739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5141440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27160832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21527940     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1752469      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1910578      7.03%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1097637      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560517      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140402      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164131      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3877      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3281      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27160832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21160     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8681     23.46%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7161     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10062654     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99272      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2291264     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394697      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12848787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37002                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52904078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16240591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12520353                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12885789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9874                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       397561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        617778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13735823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2511614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12686554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2258696                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2653356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1930448                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           394660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401484                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12523322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12520353                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7581848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16423813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.396225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461638                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9977533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11212899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2523449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       173860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26763271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22597044     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630477      6.09%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1053679      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330392      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       554191      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105689      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67378      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        60957      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363464      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26763271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9977533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11212899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2385173                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1997216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1722205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9792628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138063                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       363464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40136116                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27870609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                517940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4438291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9977533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11212899                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9977533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.167028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.167028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       58998505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16293884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14716451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2133197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       942580                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762693                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5121                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22623876                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13397907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2133197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       880349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2650825                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        358030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3083228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1300200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28598950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25948125     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          94618      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         193561      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          82171      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         440620      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         393278      1.38%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          76065      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158135      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1212377      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28598950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.423996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22382735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      3326091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2640816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       240781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       187839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15709482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1475                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       240781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22412989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3071287                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       151093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2622643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       100152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15699460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        51332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1697                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18439616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     73930780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     73930780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16323220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2116301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          232547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3702732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1871267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        91047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15666846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1847                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15056463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9075                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1224283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2921903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28598950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23186488     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1654131      5.78%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339563      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       578469      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720457      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       682127      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       387758      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30868      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19089      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28598950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37886     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288444     86.15%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8496      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9450248     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131398      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3607637     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1866280     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15056463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.476484                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59055777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16893388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14926347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15391289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       240781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2992583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29922                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15668711                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3702732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1871267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          414                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65898                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67552                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       133450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14950386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3595750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5461769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1959908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1866019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14926844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14926347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8066173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15924749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12114927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14236878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1433450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       116467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28358169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23173731     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1909179      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888927      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       873698      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242156      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       998524      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76189      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55747      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140018      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28358169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12114927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14236878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5412737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3554375                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1880454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12659707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       137940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       140018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43888440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          31581545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                487367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3000173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12114927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14236878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12114927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.608280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.608280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.383394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.383394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       73900806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17340731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      18698496                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31599119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2182797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23117449                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12405511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2182797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1562988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2766820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        576175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       906410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1399932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171513                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27190879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24424059     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         425909      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211165      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         420548      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130456      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         390097      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60412      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96470      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1031763      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27190879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.069078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.392590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22916089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1113452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2761067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       397953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       202897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13849055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5176                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       397953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22939724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        716659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       322450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2737375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        76714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13828076                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        57516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18098998                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62625667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62625667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14635328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3463670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          180232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2516677                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       398200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13755514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12866537                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159319                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27190879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21549288     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1754501      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915475      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1099680      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560125      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139750      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164906      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3872      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3282      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27190879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21249     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8695     23.44%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7147     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10075590     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99311      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296128     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394608      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12866537                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407180                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52970080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16268687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12537457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12903628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       397953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        633450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13757365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2516677                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185429                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12703954                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2658228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1933047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           394568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12540288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12537457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7593788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16441255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11228314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2529573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       173758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26792926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22620892     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633109      6.10%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055057      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330546      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       554959      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105787      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67389      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61148      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364039      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26792926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9992948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11228314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2389783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2001819                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1724765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9805491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       364039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           40186735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27914063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                518468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4408240                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11228314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.162142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.162142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59083273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16314513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14744915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2137737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22634910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13426404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2137737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       879406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2654462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        359055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3140483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1300325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     28672413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       26017951     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          93994      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         194346      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          81850      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         440216      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         393275      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          75629      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         158851      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1216301      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     28672413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22396905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      3380240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2644542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         8401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       187921                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15741563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22427688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3128845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       146935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2625496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       101124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15731508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        51659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          911                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18477026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     74078644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     74078644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16342675                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2134348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          235513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3709516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1874235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        91109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15697996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15071885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1238748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2995966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28672413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23260477     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1651816      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339099      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       575689      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721109      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684329      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389771      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30887      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19236      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28672413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37924     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289747     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8451      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9456748     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131547      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3613425     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869264     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15071885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.476972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59161628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16939004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14942479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15408007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       3051608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29613                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15699855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3709516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       132818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14966568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3601623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5470673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1961531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1869050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14942998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14942479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8072038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        15932732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12131950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14256304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       115953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28430093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23239840     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1910488      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889557      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875314      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241251      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001810      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76180      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55598      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140055      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28430093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     12131950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14256304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5422924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3561136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1882836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12676853                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       137985                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       140055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43991783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          31645920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                487782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2926710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          12131950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14256304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     12131950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.604620                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.604620                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.383933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.383933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       73984705                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17357876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      18735830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.859508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.051610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.383651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   941.055154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1058.671748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.459500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.516930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612014130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663625143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612014130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1663625143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612014130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1663625143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809650.492215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823169.293914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809650.492215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823169.293914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809650.492215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823169.293914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437166947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486143960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437166947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486143960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437166947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486143960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721831.716223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735350.796635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721831.716223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735350.796635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721831.716223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735350.796635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2084                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.566496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         194583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.125938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.556404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.933793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   885.872563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1091.203736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.532814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2082                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70534486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772717729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1843252215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70534486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772717729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1843252215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70534486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1772717729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1843252215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906337.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866854.635208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885327.672911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906337.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866854.635208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885327.672911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906337.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866854.635208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885327.672911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1186                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1186                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67284944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1593090664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1660375608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67284944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1593090664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1660375608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67284944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1593090664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1660375608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1818512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779017.439609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797490.685879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1818512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779017.439609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797490.685879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1818512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779017.439609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797490.685879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         4077                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.935994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         167494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         6125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        27.345959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.016915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.423254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1299.784344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         730.711481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.634660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.356793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4767                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4768                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                4071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 4077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4044                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                4077                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53045908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3832699719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3885745627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8422024                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8422024                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53045908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3841121743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3894167651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53045908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3841121743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3894167651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              8836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               8845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              8845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1607451.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 949157.929421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954494.135839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1403670.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1403670.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1607451.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 949832.280663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955155.175619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1607451.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 949832.280663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955155.175619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            4077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           4077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50147509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3478100782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3528248291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7895224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7895224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50147509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3485996006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536143515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50147509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3485996006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536143515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.458972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1519621.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 861342.442298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866678.528863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1315870.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315870.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1519621.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862016.816518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867339.591611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1519621.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862016.816518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867339.591611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2076                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.556110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         194612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.224460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.602174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.537475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   876.983051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1099.433410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.428214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.536833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4077                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4078                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2074                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73964861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1756983099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1830947960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73964861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1756983099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1830947960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73964861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1756983099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1830947960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              6134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               6152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              6152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896534.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863382.358231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882810.009643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896534.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863382.358231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882810.009643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1896534.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863382.358231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882810.009643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1189                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70540661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1578264690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648805351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70540661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1578264690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648805351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70540661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1578264690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648805351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1808734.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 775560.044226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794988.115236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1808734.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 775560.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794988.115236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1808734.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 775560.044226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794988.115236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         4074                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         167485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         6122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        27.357890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.022333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.577069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1298.873194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         730.463134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.634215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.356671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4768                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4769                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                4068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 4074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4041                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                4074                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60021441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3843913334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3903934775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11476344                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11476344                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60021441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3855389678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3915411119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60021441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3855389678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3915411119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              8834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               8843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              8843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1818831.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 952642.709789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959669.315388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1912724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1912724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1818831.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 954068.220243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961072.930535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1818831.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 954068.220243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961072.930535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                709                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     709                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            4074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           4074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57124041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3489611082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3546735123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10949544                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10949544                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57124041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3500560626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3557684667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57124041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3500560626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3557684667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731031.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 864835.460223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871862.124631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1824924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1824924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731031.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 866260.981440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873265.750368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731031.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 866260.981440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873265.750368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.858970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         138546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.990677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.747671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.250029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   944.002433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1052.858837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.460939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.514091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70084278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593452079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663536357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70084278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593452079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1663536357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70084278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593452079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1663536357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2061302.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799123.409729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820284.199704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2061302.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799123.409729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820284.199704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2061302.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 799123.409729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820284.199704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67098591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418345521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485444112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67098591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418345521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485444112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67098591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418345521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485444112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.331449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.330954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973487.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711306.680542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732467.510848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973487.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711306.680542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732467.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973487.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711306.680542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732467.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.850202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         138555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.051364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.747152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.535016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   939.623422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1059.944612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.458800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.517551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4035                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4036                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57190021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1642584941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1699774962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57190021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1642584941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1699774962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57190021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1642584941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1699774962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844839.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825419.568342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841056.388916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844839.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825419.568342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841056.388916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844839.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825419.568342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841056.388916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54466793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1467797332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522264125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54466793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1467797332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522264125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54466793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1467797332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1522264125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.330290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1756993.322581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737586.598995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753223.218704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1756993.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737586.598995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753223.218704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1756993.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737586.598995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753223.218704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3525                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.563263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         137472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        24.671931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.602816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.728199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   939.748396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1074.483853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.458862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.524650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4346                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4347                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3528                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3198380865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3256893948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7233184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7233184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3205614049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3264127132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3205614049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3264127132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917229.958417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924728.548552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1205530.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1205530.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917725.178643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925206.103175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917725.178643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925206.103175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2892368335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2947807529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6706384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2899074719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2954513913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2899074719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2954513913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829471.848294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836969.769733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1117730.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117730.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829966.996565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837447.254252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829966.996565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837447.254252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1417                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.414267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         171176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        49.401443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.641842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.772826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   656.176604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1335.822996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.320399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.652257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3319                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1377                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1416                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89210156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1159732360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1248942516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89210156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1159732360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1248942516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89210156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1159732360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1248942516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287439.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842216.673929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882021.550847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287439.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842216.673929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882021.550847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287439.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 842216.673929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882021.550847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                610                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     610                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85782722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1037276173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123058895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85782722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1037276173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123058895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85782722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1037276173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123058895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199556.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753834.428052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793681.197880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199556.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753834.428052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793681.197880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199556.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753834.428052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793681.197880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3505                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.583683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         137433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.758242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.696647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.232060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   943.332386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1071.322590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.460612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.523107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4319                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4320                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3471                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3505                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50291008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3240407265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3290698273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8294673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8294673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50291008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3248701938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3298992946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50291008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3248701938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3298992946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1479147.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 935182.471861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940468.211775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1382445.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1382445.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1479147.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 935955.614520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 941224.806277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1479147.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 935955.614520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 941224.806277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                540                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     540                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47304380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2936092148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2983396528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7767873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7767873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47304380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2943860021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991164401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47304380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2943860021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991164401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1391305.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847357.041270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852642.620177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1294645.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1294645.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1391305.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848130.227888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853399.258488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1391305.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848130.227888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853399.258488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2024                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.845225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         138559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.027259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.741511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.881307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   943.349713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1054.872694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.460620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.515075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4040                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4041                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52010857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588840888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1640851745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52010857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588840888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1640851745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52010857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588840888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1640851745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1576086.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798011.495731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810697.502470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1576086.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798011.495731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810697.502470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1576086.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798011.495731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810697.502470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49113457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414002367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463115824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49113457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414002367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463115824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49113457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414002367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463115824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1488286.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.070316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722883.312253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1488286.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.070316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722883.312253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1488286.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.070316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722883.312253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2045                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.558228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         194590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        47.577017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.708856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.297739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   874.888505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1103.663127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.427192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.538898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2177                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                2177                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4059                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4060                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2043                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1755607219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1806910120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1755607219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1806910120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1755607219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1806910120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              6085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2177                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            2177                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               6103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              6103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873871.189149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884439.608419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873871.189149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884439.608419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873871.189149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884439.608419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1168                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1579144029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627459525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1579144029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627459525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1579144029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627459525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 786034.857641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796602.802252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 786034.857641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796602.802252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 786034.857641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796602.802252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2023                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.873690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         138542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.031442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.750015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.347384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   940.823534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1058.952757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.459386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.517067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4027                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4028                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2023                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50004280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1629899692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1679903972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50004280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1629899692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1679903972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50004280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1629899692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1679903972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1724285.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 817402.052156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830402.358873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1724285.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 817402.052156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830402.358873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1724285.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 817402.052156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830402.358873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47456945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1454764681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1502221626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47456945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1454764681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1502221626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47456945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1454764681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1502221626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1636446.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 729571.053661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742571.243697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1636446.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 729571.053661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742571.243697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1636446.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 729571.053661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742571.243697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         4074                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.935606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         167486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         6122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        27.358053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.022814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.256562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1298.953992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         731.702238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.634255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.357276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4766                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                4071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 4077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                4077                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53059755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3868350145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3921409900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8543467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8543467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53059755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3876893612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3929953367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53059755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3876893612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3929953367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              8834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               8843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              8843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1658117.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957749.478831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963254.704004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1423911.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1423911.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1658117.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 958440.942398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963932.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1658117.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 958440.942398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963932.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                705                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     705                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            4077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           4077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50250155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3513930498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564180653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8016667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8016667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50250155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3521947165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3572197320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50250155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3521947165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3572197320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1570317.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870000.123298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875504.950381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1336111.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1336111.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1570317.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870691.511743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876182.810890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1570317.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870691.511743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876182.810890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.862839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         138550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.991658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.740634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.417297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   942.198945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1055.505962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.460058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.515384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4034                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4035                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64517475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1613820960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1678338435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64517475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1613820960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1678338435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64517475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1613820960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1678338435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1955075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 808932.812030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827583.054734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1955075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 808932.812030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827583.054734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1955075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 808932.812030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827583.054734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61620075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1438607853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500227928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61620075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1438607853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500227928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61620075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1438607853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500227928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1867275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721106.693233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739757.360947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1867275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721106.693233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739757.360947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1867275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721106.693233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739757.360947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         4085                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.935100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         167493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         6133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        27.310126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.012739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.711900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1301.291598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         728.918864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.635396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.355917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4771                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                4079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 4085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                4085                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57146526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3856136956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3913283482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8117915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8117915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57146526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3864254871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3921401397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57146526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3864254871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3921401397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              8847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               8856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              8856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1785828.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 952838.387942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959373.248835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1352985.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1352985.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1785828.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953430.760178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959951.382375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1785828.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953430.760178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959951.382375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            4085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           4085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54336926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3500778974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3555115900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7591115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7591115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54336926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3508370089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562707015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54336926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3508370089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562707015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1698028.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865030.633556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871565.555283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1265185.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1265185.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1698028.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865623.017271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872143.700122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1698028.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865623.017271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872143.700122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.747238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794681.781362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.576543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221204811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.673986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.315090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.684910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9275659825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9275659825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9278824919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9278824919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9278824919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9278824919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439313.243582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439313.243582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438694.384143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438694.384143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438694.384143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438694.384143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1892463164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892463164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1893040064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893040064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1893040064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893040064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314362.651827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314362.651827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313989.063526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313989.063526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313989.063526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313989.063526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.723528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076041328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2069310.246154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.723528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1373501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1373501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1373501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87223570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87223570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87223570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87223570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87223570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87223570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1373550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780072.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1780072.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780072.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1780072.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780072.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1780072.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70906691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70906691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70906691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70906691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70906691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70906691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1865965.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865965.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1865965.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865965.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1865965.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865965.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170137514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26763.805883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.487601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.512399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       964627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       815821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       815821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1780448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1780448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1780448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1780448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8635510564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8635510564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    240631636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    240631636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8876142200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8876142200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8876142200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8876142200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       985463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       985463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       816245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1801708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1801708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1801708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1801708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 414451.457285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414451.457285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 567527.443396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 567527.443396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417504.336783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417504.336783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 417504.336783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417504.336783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6201501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 689055.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2055360554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2055360554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1098981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1098981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2056459535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056459535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2056459535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056459535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337830.465812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337830.465812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64645.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64645.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337069.256679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337069.256679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337069.256679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337069.256679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              569.221425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1108829066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1921714.152513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.471696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.749729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.866586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1301748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1301748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1301748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1301748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1301748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1301748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67422703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67422703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67422703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67422703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67422703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67422703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1301794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1301794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1301794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1301794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1301794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1301794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1465710.934783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1465710.934783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1465710.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1465710.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1465710.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1465710.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53386709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53386709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     53386709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53386709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1570197.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570197.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1570197.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570197.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1570197.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570197.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              440466347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 9067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48579.061101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.132599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.867401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.434112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.565888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3398660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3398660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1860461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1860461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      5259121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        5259121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      5259121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       5259121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        32168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        32168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15872906730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15872906730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33522999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33522999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15906429729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15906429729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15906429729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15906429729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3430790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3430790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1860499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1860499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5291289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5291289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5291289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5291289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 494021.373483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494021.373483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 882184.184211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882184.184211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 494479.909506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494479.909506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 494479.909506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494479.909506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4191663086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4191663086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8664124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8664124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4200327210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4200327210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4200327210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4200327210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 476217.119518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476217.119518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 962680.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962680.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 476714.017705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476714.017705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 476714.017705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476714.017705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              513.094934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1076042192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2061383.509579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.104344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   481.990590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1374365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1374365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1374365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1374365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1374365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1374365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101175809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101175809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101175809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101175809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101175809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101175809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1374419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1374419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1374419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1374419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1374419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1374419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1873626.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1873626.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1873626.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1873626.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1873626.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1873626.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74355972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74355972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74355972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74355972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74355972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74355972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1858899.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858899.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1858899.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858899.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1858899.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858899.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              170140056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26717.973618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   227.490551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    28.509449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.111365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       966554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       816438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       816438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1782992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1782992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1782992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1782992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        21518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        21518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8799051750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8799051750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    271260823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271260823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9070312573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9070312573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9070312573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9070312573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       987626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       816884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1804510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1804510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1804510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1804510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 417570.792995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417570.792995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 608208.123318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 608208.123318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 421522.101171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421522.101171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 421522.101171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421522.101171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7880268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 875585.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2040829468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040829468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1174936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2042004404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2042004404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2042004404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2042004404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334891.609452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334891.609452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65274.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65274.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334097.579188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334097.579188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334097.579188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334097.579188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              571.143952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1108827803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1921711.963605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.525447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.618504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1300485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1300485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1300485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85270761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85270761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85270761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85270761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85270761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85270761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1300534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1740219.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1740219.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1740219.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1740219.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1740219.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1740219.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60362001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60362001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60362001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60362001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60362001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60362001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775352.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775352.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775352.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8809                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              440461338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 9065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48589.226475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.118510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.881490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.434057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.565943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3395504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3395504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1858613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1858613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      5254117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        5254117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      5254117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       5254117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        32250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        32250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15800413301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15800413301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36096926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36096926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15836510227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15836510227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15836510227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15836510227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3427714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3427714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1858653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1858653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5286367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5286367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5286367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5286367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490543.722477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490543.722477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 902423.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902423.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491054.580682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491054.580682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491054.580682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491054.580682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4203001358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4203001358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11736302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11736302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4214737660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214737660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4214737660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214737660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 477613.790682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477613.790682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1304033.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1304033.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478458.129186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478458.129186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478458.129186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478458.129186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              555.122841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001434528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1781911.971530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.069556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.053284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1402259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1402259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1402259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76352819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76352819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76352819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76352819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76352819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76352819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1402303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735291.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1735291.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735291.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1735291.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1735291.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1735291.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70435557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70435557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70435557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70435557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70435557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70435557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012444.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012444.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012444.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012444.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012444.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012444.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221207107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35218.453590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.539701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.460299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2074332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2461270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2461270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9129749347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9129749347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3075634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9132824981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9132824981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9132824981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9132824981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2095340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2482315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2482315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 434584.412938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434584.412938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83125.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433966.499454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433966.499454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 433966.499454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433966.499454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1873442074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873442074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1874018974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1874018974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1874018974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1874018974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311409.919215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311409.919215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311040.493610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311040.493610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 311040.493610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311040.493610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.850836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001428412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1791464.064401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.679589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.171247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1396143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1396143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76693489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76693489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76693489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76693489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76693489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76693489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743033.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1743033.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743033.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1743033.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743033.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1743033.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57527016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57527016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57527016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57527016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57527016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57527016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797719.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797719.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797719.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797719.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1797719.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797719.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              221197375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35216.904155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.296126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.703874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.719907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.280093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2065459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2065459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       386082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2451541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2451541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2451541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2451541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9426926121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9426926121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3105840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3105840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9430031961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9430031961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9430031961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9430031961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2086535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2086535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       386119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2472654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2472654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2472654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2472654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447282.507165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447282.507165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 83941.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83941.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 446645.761427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446645.761427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 446645.761427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446645.761427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1922853563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922853563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1923430463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923430463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1923430463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923430463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 319623.265126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319623.265126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 319241.570622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319241.570622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 319241.570622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319241.570622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.446102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1080515885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2054212.709125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.446102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1329408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1329408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178803477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             22093.596565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.397269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.602731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.892177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.107823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       919386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        919386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       760488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       760488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1679874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1679874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1679874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1679874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9041933629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9041933629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     70468349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70468349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9112401978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9112401978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9112401978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9112401978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       940023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       940023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       760605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       760605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1700628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1700628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1700628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1700628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 438141.863110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438141.863110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 602293.581197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602293.581197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439067.263082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439067.263082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439067.263082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439067.263082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3512289045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3512289045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8052184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8052184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3520341229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520341229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3520341229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520341229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449084.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449084.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447343.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447343.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449080.396607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449080.396607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449080.396607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449080.396607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.078156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074579708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2082518.813953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.078156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1444171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1444171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1444171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1444171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1444171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1444171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110311718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110311718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110311718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1444230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1444230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1444230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1444230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1444230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1444230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869690.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869690.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869690.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869690.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869690.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869690.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187388.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187388.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187388.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187388.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187388.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187388.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              164024139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33122.806745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.935248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.064752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.866935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.133065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       993717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        993717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       835448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2095                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2095                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1829165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1829165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1829165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1829165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        15153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        15153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5138549303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5138549303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8143865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8143865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5146693168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5146693168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5146693168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5146693168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1008770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       835548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2095                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1844318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1844318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1844318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1844318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 341363.801435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341363.801435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81438.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81438.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339648.463539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339648.463539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339648.463539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339648.463539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386302536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386302536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1387456336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387456336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1387456336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387456336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296345.133818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296345.133818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295454.926746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295454.926746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295454.926746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295454.926746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.228340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080511479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2058117.102857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.228340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1325002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1325002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1325002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1325002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1325002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1325002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73430796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73430796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73430796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73430796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73430796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73430796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1325052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1325052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1325052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1325052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1325052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1325052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1468615.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1468615.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1468615.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1468615.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1468615.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1468615.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50639254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50639254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50639254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50639254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     50639254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50639254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1446835.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1446835.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1446835.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1446835.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1446835.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1446835.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178799052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             22222.104400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.353093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.646907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.892004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.107996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       917855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        917855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       757635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       757635                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1675490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1675490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1675490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1675490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9221720940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9221720940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85965648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85965648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9307686588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9307686588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9307686588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9307686588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       938365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       757752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       757752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1696117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1696117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1696117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1696117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449620.718674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449620.718674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 734749.128205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 734749.128205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451238.017550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451238.017550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451238.017550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451238.017550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3552220033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3552220033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9113673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9113673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561333706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561333706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561333706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561333706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457053.529722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457053.529722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 506315.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506315.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457167.356354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457167.356354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457167.356354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457167.356354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              553.707969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001433927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1785087.213904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.537536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.170433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1401658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1401658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1401658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60609189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60609189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60609189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60609189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60609189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60609189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1401704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317591.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317591.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317591.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1317591.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1317591.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1317591.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52350992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52350992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52350992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52350992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52350992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52350992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539735.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1539735.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539735.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1539735.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1539735.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1539735.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221207001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35184.825990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.356581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.643419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2074268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2461159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2461159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        21009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        21009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9192872761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9192872761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9196092838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9196092838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9196092838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9196092838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2095240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2482168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2482168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 438340.299495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438340.299495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437721.587796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437721.587796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437721.587796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437721.587796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1869548168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869548168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1870134276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1870134276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1870134276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1870134276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310453.033544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310453.033544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310086.930194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310086.930194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310086.930194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310086.930194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.741066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1076041608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2081318.390716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.741066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1373781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1373781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1373781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1373781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1373781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1373781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1373830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1373830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1373830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6068                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170138819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             26903.671569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.480256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.519744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       965701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       816051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       816051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1781752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1781752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1781752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1781752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        21308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8651702703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8651702703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    254980930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    254980930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8906683633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8906683633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8906683633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8906683633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       986564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       816496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       816496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1803060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1803060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1803060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1803060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 414691.209462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414691.209462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 572990.853933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572990.853933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417997.166933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417997.166933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417997.166933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417997.166933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5998148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 599814.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            2177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2038000204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2038000204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1158028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2039158232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2039158232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2039158232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2039158232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336859.537851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336859.537851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64334.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64334.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336051.125906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336051.125906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336051.125906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336051.125906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              551.990611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001430055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1797899.560144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.819393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.171218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1397786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1397786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1397786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1397786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1397786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1397786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64659756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64659756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64659756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64659756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64659756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64659756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1397828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1397828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1397828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1397828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1397828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1397828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1539518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1539518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1539518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1539518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1539518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1539518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50344099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50344099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50344099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50344099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50344099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50344099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1678136.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1678136.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1678136.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1678136.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1678136.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1678136.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221199015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35239.607296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.486704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.513296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2067091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2067091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2453177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2453177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2453177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2453177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9368933619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9368933619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3171980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3171980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9372105599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9372105599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9372105599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9372105599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2088111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2088111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2474234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2474234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2474234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2474234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 445715.205471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445715.205471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85729.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85729.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 445082.661300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445082.661300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 445082.661300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445082.661300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1909513683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909513683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1910090583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1910090583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1910090583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1910090583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317617.046407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317617.046407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317238.097160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317238.097160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 317238.097160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317238.097160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              569.114295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108827466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925047.684028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.849571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.264725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.044631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1300148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1300148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1300148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72165130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72165130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72165130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72165130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72165130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72165130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1300200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1387790.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1387790.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1387790.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1387790.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1387790.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1387790.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53407268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53407268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53407268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53407268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53407268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53407268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1618402.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618402.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1618402.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618402.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1618402.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1618402.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440455866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48599.345250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.154142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.845858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3392155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3392155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1856488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1856488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5248643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5248643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5248643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5248643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        32107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        32107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15855337674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15855337674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     32710998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32710998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15888048672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15888048672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15888048672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15888048672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1856527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1856527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5280750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5280750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5280750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5280750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494428.641449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494428.641449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 838743.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838743.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494846.876756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494846.876756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 494846.876756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494846.876756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4227103585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4227103585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8785567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8785567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4235889152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235889152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4235889152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4235889152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480298.100784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480298.100784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 976174.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976174.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480804.671056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480804.671056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480804.671056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480804.671056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              554.290266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001432158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1785084.060606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.235691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.054575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1399889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1399889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1399889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71052383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71052383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71052383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71052383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71052383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71052383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1652381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1652381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1652381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64867555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64867555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64867555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64867555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64867555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64867555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1907869.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907869.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1907869.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907869.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1907869.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907869.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221204031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35195.549881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.491864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.508136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2072107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2458201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2458201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9299714879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9299714879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3141632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3141632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9302856511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9302856511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9302856511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9302856511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2093141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2479272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2479272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2479272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2479272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442127.739802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442127.739802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84908.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84908.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441500.475108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441500.475108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441500.475108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441500.475108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1893980012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893980012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1894556912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894556912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1894556912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894556912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314614.619934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314614.619934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314240.655498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314240.655498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314240.655498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314240.655498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              569.576093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1108827596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1925047.909722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.313785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.262309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1300278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1300278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80803748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80803748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80803748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80803748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80803748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80803748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1719228.680851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1719228.680851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1719228.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1719228.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1719228.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1719228.680851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57496326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57496326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57496326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57496326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57496326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57496326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1742312.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1742312.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1742312.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1742312.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1742312.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1742312.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              440465066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 9079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48514.711532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.133489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.866511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.434115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.565885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3397929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3397929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1859912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1859912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5257841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        5257841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5257841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       5257841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        32199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        32199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15869805915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15869805915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28021329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28021329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15897827244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15897827244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15897827244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15897827244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3430090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3430090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1859950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1859950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5290040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5290040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5290040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5290040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493448.770716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493448.770716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737403.394737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 737403.394737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493736.676419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493736.676419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493736.676419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493736.676419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4215549906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4215549906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8360015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8360015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4223909921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4223909921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4223909921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4223909921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478278.863853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478278.863853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 928890.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928890.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478738.515358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478738.515358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478738.515358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478738.515358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
