
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397259                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512290                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29958.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11901120592                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347234039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       150144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            150144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     28935357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     29162301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               371166873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38467004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         133102642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              133102642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         133102642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     28935357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     29162301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              504269515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         210439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80679                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1177072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            210439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       101894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              244484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         61000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       107686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles          644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2156132     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11213      0.47%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17813      0.74%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23850      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          25098      1.05%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          21367      0.89%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11467      0.48%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17568      0.73%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         116108      4.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2400616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.435129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1989200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       128631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          243826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        38563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1442822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        38563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1995181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         14358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       101270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1441122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2011401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6701307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6701307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1713048                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         298353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           40458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       135878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        72251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        27219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176996                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1819710     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245123     10.21%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122524      5.10%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86437      3.60%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69182      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28775      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18185      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9444      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.58%     49.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1228     50.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140020     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20197      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122908      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71898      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355191                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.500974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5113779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        38563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         11378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             187426                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         189321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            71876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.493634                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1333287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1333196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          766691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2066806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.492843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370955                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2362053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1850516     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256970     10.88%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93872      3.97%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45004      1.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42230      1.79%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22042      0.93%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16458      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8442      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26519      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2362053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       998736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1228850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               182089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              111301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           177182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1107169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25295                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3773608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2914743                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                304497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            998736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1228850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       998736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.708537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.708537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.369203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.369203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6008483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1858675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1336722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2028033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1211673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         37400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       211042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          118004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2264351     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8213      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17669      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7023      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          39032      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34983      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6669      0.27%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110945      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.447920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2008860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       230590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1420276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2012006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        204393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1418715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1673600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6676964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6676964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1450469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         223119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       331657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       166721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1349562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2019474     80.68%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146944      5.87%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119492      4.77%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51650      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64928      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61190      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34889      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2832      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25774     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          760      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850210     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11764      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321364     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166144     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1349562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.498893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        197858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             486346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           166112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.494912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1336464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1336350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          723212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1430757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017115     81.40%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169632      6.85%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79109      3.19%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77959      3.15%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21034      0.85%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89102      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6900      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4975      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12208      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1076729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1265262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               481152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              315957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           167078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1125122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3880235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2853940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1265262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.512343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.512343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6611736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1556930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1683485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1178409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       102002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244759                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       111231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2161889     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11228      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17824      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23874      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25120      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21388      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11490      0.48%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17588      0.73%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116247      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2406648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.435623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1991359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       132186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          244097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1444492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1997347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       103231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1442787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2013692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6709173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6709173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1714932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         298760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       136042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825251     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245312     10.19%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122578      5.09%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86403      3.59%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69304      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28888      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18195      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9475      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.49%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1234     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141303     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20229      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123069      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71995      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1334819                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1334728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          767564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2069215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.493409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856062     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257183     10.86%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93925      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44963      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42308      1.79%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22079      0.93%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8464      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26555      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1230237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1108441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3781209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2918091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                298465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1230237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.705568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.705568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.369608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.369608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6015492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1860782                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1338274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         191968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75163                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66787                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018143                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1206290                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            191968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        77234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              237754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         37316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       216733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          117428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11719                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2497856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.567194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.880768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2260102     90.48%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8204      0.33%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17690      0.71%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7024      0.28%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          38715      1.55%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          34718      1.39%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6641      0.27%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14280      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110482      4.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2497856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070965                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.445930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2000085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       235183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          236797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        25048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17073                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1413949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        25048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2003179                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        208550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        18124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          234685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1412232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1667439                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6646384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1444682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         222743                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       328995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       165460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1343042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2497856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2016698     80.74%     80.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       145799      5.84%     86.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119573      4.79%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51051      2.04%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64446      2.58%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60907      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34772      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2887      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1723      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2497856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3405     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25622     86.00%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          766      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847594     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11771      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318722     23.73%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164875     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1343042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.496483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29793                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5214640                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2433                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        25048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        203184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       328995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332439                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             482470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         174318                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           164841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1330205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1330090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          720285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1427721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.504500                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2014204     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168698      6.82%     88.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78894      3.19%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77323      3.13%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21189      0.86%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88495      3.58%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6891      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4971      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12143      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1071193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1258973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               477379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              313444                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           166323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1119588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3868505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2840754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 44746                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                207257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1071193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1258973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1071193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.525327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.525327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.395988                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.395988                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6577995                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1551068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1674320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         192191                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1207193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            192191                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        77065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         37892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       203429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          117414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2483546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.571240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.887338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2245710     90.42%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8124      0.33%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17587      0.71%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7042      0.28%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          38697      1.56%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          34657      1.40%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6629      0.27%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14370      0.58%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110730      4.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2483546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071047                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.446263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2000193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       220264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          236802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        25509                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          179                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1415611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        25509                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2003373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        196214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        15192                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          234525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1413414                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1670476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6651367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6651367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1442160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         228310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       328563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       164904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1555                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1341473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       130994                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2483546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.333102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2003267     80.66%     80.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       145797      5.87%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118549      4.77%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51165      2.06%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64455      2.60%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60898      2.45%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34844      1.40%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2859      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1712      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2483546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3422     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25608     85.93%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          770      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847550     63.18%     63.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11780      0.88%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       317760     23.69%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164303     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1341473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.495903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29800                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022214                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5197318                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1514                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        25509                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        191000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408385                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       328563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       164904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        13712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       316621                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             480891                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         174078                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           164270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.491888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1328256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1328138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          719367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1426952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.490973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.504128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        11992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2458037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2000228     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168778      6.87%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78754      3.20%     91.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76992      3.13%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20809      0.85%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88431      3.60%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6902      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4981      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12162      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2458037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1068778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1256228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               475729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              312344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           165995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1117171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12162                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3854366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2842511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 44911                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                221567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1068778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1256228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1068778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.531034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.531034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.395096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.395096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6566756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1549979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1673518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         188949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16460                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1070629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            188949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       128868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              237525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         53470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        80527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          119779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2313266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2075741     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          35282      1.53%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.81%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          34174      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11666      0.50%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          31553      1.36%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5131      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9040      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92049      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2313266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.395780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1931603                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       107885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          236939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        18999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1205995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1934888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         70230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          233741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         9911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1203582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         8045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1588184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5464724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5464724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1264939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         323240                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       209195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        36173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1195770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1111082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228929                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2313266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827372     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156602      6.77%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157948      6.83%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92425      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50006      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13149      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15104      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          364      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2313266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2046     57.91%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          834     23.61%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       876968     78.93%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9119      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189146     17.02%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35767      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1111082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.410734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1424873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1081322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1114615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         58032                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1195935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17406                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1094811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             221671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         165709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            35758                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.404719                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1081659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1081322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          653756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1454133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.399733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.449585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       852101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       964675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16198                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2276690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915147     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143705      6.31%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90867      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28479      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46832      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9614      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6244      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30323      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2276690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       852101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       964675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               199684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              164584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           147840                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          844152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3442362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2428591                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 44389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                391847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            852101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              964675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       852101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.174639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.174639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5074340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1418065                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1265209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         234608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030672                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1286321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            234608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              267135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       174651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          127820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2249178     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16188      0.64%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20440      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32743      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13334      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17410      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20190      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9509      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137321      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2516313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086728                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2020571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       187916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          265822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1571462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2023083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       175420                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          263429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1561448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2181985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7256058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7256058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1788760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         393225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       147826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1904074     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278226     11.06%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114064      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64652      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86046      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27469      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26873      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13791      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10205     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220631     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19552      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133250      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74948      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5428408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130468                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             205392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         200414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.525569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1408474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1408440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          843463                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2268293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931490     78.06%     78.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275593     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99815      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49502      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45366      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19218      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9082      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25343      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1040478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1281991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           185770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1154223                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3971947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3087503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                188800                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1281991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.599875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.599875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6394391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1970742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1451282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         189686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1074568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            189686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       129222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         53633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        76018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2315820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2077430     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          35349      1.53%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18734      0.81%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34240      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11745      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          31606      1.36%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5157      0.22%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9085      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92474      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2315820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070121                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1938087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       102997                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1210840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1941342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        28135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1208307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1594726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5486804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5486804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1270396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         324330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           20987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       209641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2315820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828013     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157379      6.80%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158370      6.84%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92743      4.00%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50243      2.17%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13211      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15198      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          298      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2315820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2052     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     23.60%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880692     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9171      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189548     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36008      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.412369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3546                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4551459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1430235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1119048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         53230                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             222296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            35999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.406319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1085964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1085626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          656238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1461246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.401325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.449095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       968638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2279141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915895     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144495      6.34%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91284      4.01%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28632      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46981      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9665      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6287      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5508      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30394      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2279141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       855295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       968638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               200284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              164947                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           148446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          847700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3449407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2438021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 44491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                389286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              968638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.162775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.162775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.316178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.316178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5093717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1423981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1269660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         234760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23034                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2032851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1287433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            234760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       108283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              267331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         65241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       173473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          127891                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2518824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2251493     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          16105      0.64%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20437      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32733      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13396      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17466      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20300      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9564      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         137330      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2518824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2024060                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       186805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          266019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35416                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1573066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2026582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       174274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          263622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1563093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2184024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7264396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7264396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1791264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         392760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       148068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1450185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2518824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905879     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278600     11.06%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114104      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64664      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86318      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27535      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26746      1.06%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13862      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1116      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2518824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10216     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1435     11.07%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221881     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19588      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133458      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75080      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1450185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5434196                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1731471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1463153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13286                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130653                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             205707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         200629                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            75054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.526191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1410168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1410132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          844671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2271795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1933240     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275993     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100035      4.04%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49548      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45457      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19213      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19073      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9074      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25417      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1041984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1283892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              116442                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           186074                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1155936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25417                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3976176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3090892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                186289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1041984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1283892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1041984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.596118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.596118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.385191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.385191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6402143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1972743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1452683                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         209826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80372                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1175023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            209826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       101554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       103671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2156148     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11360      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17639      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23682      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25067      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21121      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11390      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17911      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         115796      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2400114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1992641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       124623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          243337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1440316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1998505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        97885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1438853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2008420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6689770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6689770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1707909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         300499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       135670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        27935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1435845                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820415     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244238     10.18%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122377      5.10%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86620      3.61%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69158      2.88%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28355      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18277      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9387      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1287      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.81%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1138370     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20150      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122527      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71711      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.500137                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5108711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1177                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1436200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             186900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         188759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            71692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1330599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1330505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2061941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2360995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1851146     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256195     10.85%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93560      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44662      1.89%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41885      1.77%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22117      0.94%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16562      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8555      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26313      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2360995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       995757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1225187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               181560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              110968                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           176635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1103906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3770874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2911544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                304999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            995757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1225187                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       995757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.716640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.716640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.368102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.368102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5995872                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1855073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1334184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         234428                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195334                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1285260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            234428                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       108058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              266926                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       170484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          127725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2512372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2245446     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16182      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20428      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32712      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13322      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17399      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          20176      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9503      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137204      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2512372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2021031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       183746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          265615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1570202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2023544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       171252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          263218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1560202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2180234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7250253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7250253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1787159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         393049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       147715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        75205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2512372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1900648     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277993     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113973      4.54%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64619      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85951      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27442      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26848      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13778      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2512372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10195     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     11.01%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219576     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19520      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133145      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74886      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.535025                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5421947                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420488                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             205223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         200250                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            74862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.525112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1407244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1407210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          842720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2266397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2470557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1928045     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275355     11.15%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99737      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49461      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45328      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19194      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19043      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9069      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25325      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2470557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1039542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1280835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               189935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              116154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           185614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1153174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3966764                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3084926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                192741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1039542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1280835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1039542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.602216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.602216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6388770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1969020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1450081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21549                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20399                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1928091                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1152038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        96849                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              251760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       185310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2153640     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          26714      1.11%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          31058      1.29%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          16966      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          19270      0.80%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11099      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7559      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          19780      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         119314      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2405400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.074532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.425874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1912272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       201705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          249535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        32615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1406153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1915742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         20801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       172119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          248025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8817                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1404238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1954056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6537084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6537084                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1632983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         321034                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       134923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15815                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1853775     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220871      9.18%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119447      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82584      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72349      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36958      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9165      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5887      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4364      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.72%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1393     46.11%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     43.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099527     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20467      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121300      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71361      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.485308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3021                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5035959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1596330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         16609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12581                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113286                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             184609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.477318                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1288380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1288288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          766904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2011836                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.476242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21510                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1884821     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223039      9.43%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93867      3.97%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55497      2.35%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38664      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25229      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13370      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10393      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20629      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       958686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1176068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               177880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              108020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           168322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1060252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20629                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3745139                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2840432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                299713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            958686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1176068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       958686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.821688                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.821688                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5821665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1791774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1309509                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2025927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1210506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        77407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         37429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       208516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2259729     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17682      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7008      0.28%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38959      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34927      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6631      0.27%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14272      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110858      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.071208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.447488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2004863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       229972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1418801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2008142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        202464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        17391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1417068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1671940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6669298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6669298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1449020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         222908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       330975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       166385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2014867     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147166      5.89%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119708      4.79%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51276      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64676      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61177      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34841      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2847      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3400     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25728     86.07%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          765      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849445     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320652     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165819     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        195407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             485280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.494269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1334799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1334685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          722350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1430642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.493393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        11929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2012885     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169408      6.85%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79072      3.20%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77664      3.14%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21168      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88853      3.59%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6904      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4962      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12256      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1075343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1263687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               480207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              315327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           166889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1123736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3873625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2850550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                206833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1263687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.515582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.515582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6602671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1555354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1681321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         209924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1175537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            209924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              244076                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       112007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2166108     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11367      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17652      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23688      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25084      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21132      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11392      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17917      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         115844      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2410184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.434561                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1994256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       132957                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          243448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1440936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2000123                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13798                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       106276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          237980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1439469                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2009237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6692631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6692631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1708670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         300562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       135724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        27947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1436466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353540                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433045                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830159     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244381     10.14%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122473      5.08%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86662      3.60%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69192      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28388      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18264      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9385      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1280      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.81%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1138892     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20150      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122584      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71746      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353540                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.500364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5120012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614918                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331108                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1436821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333317                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             186993                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         188850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.492888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1331202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1331108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          765478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2062936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.492071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       996229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2371055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860933     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256339     10.81%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93617      3.95%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44696      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41904      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22115      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16570      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8564      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26317      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2371055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       996229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1225756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               181648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           176725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1104403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        26317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3781554                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2912799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                294929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            996229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1225756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       996229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.715353                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.715353                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5998560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1855875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1334766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         148843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               880527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            148843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        70875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              180387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       169615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           90515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1645745     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9449      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          14897      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22383      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11361      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11583      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8361      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92857      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1421942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       189493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          178922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1067844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1425786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         51263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       124365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          176235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1064747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1454276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4963653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4963653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1183412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         270787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        59731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued          984591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405572     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171338      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94180      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61828      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56182      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17473      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12369      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2772      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1033     42.34%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809815     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18046      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98403      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58219      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total       984591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.363974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3799719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses       987031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             151054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         131242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.358425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               965608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              965462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          571447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1450485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.356903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       865424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1440381     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69624      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35512      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26496      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15139      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9424      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20055      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       709479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       865424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               139125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               84085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          782356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2832936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2157776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                878981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              865424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.812816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.812816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.262273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.262273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4401858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1318330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1011095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2046.651509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         119298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        54.424270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.651509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.725777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    60.033401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1936.240821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.945430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72542176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116995934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     189538110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72542176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116995934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      189538110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72542176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116995934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     189538110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2686747.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 999965.247863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1316236.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2686747.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 999965.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1316236.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2686747.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 999965.247863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1316236.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70171576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106720345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176891921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70171576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106720345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    176891921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70171576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106720345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    176891921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2598947.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912139.700855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228416.118056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2598947.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912139.700855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228416.118056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2598947.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912139.700855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228416.118056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.292521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1910.901845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.057522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.933058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      258643982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.653214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.653214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.728481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.949454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1936.322065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.945470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     169221434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      169221434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57861553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     169221434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951793.854701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1175148.847222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951793.854701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1175148.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2143020.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951793.854701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1175148.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55490953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156572568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863945.427350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087309.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863945.427350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2055220.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863945.427350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087309.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          269                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         114049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        49.222702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.284043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   116.996663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1911.719294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.057127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.933457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            142                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 142                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   473                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 269                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247817025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     260146254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247817025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      260146254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12329229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247817025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     260146254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          142                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             142                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880659.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 971831.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967086.446097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880659.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 971831.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967086.446097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 880659.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 971831.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967086.446097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11099884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225423254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236523138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11099884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225423254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236523138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11099884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225423254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236523138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792848.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 884012.760784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879268.171004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792848.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 884012.760784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879268.171004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 792848.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 884012.760784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879268.171004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          271                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         114050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        49.180681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.327221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   117.482939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1911.189841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.057365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.933198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   473                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 271                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11653289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    245525969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     257179258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11653289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    245525969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      257179258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11653289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    245525969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     257179258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832377.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 955353.964981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949000.952030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832377.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 955353.964981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949000.952030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832377.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 955353.964981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949000.952030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10424089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222961369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233385458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10424089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222961369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233385458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10424089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222961369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233385458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 744577.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867553.964981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861200.952030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 744577.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867553.964981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861200.952030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 744577.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867553.964981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861200.952030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.745485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    97.446940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1903.374216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.047582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.929382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163505724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      163505724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     163505724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789101.041885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793717.106796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789101.041885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793717.106796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789101.041885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793717.106796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133941827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145411253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133941827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145411253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133941827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145411253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701266.109948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705879.868932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701266.109948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705879.868932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701266.109948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705879.868932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.715927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.018854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    43.488419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1949.492726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.951901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88739331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160636831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88739331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      160636831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88739331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71897500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     160636831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3413051.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836017.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1434257.419643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3413051.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836017.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1434257.419643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3413051.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836017.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1434257.419643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86456531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64345779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150802310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86456531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64345779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150802310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86456531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64345779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150802310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3325251.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748206.732558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346449.196429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3325251.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748206.732558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346449.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3325251.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748206.732558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346449.196429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.746025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    97.677342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1903.144336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.047694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.929270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148188909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162810615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148188909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      162810615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148188909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     162810615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775858.162304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790342.791262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775858.162304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790342.791262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775858.162304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790342.791262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131418436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144723142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131418436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144723142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131418436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144723142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 688054.638743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702539.524272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 688054.638743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702539.524272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 688054.638743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702539.524272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.571686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.571686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.882815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    43.451948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1949.665237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.021217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.951985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89736667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72551605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162288272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89736667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72551605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      162288272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89736667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72551605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     162288272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589466.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 843623.313953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1462056.504505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589466.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 843623.313953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1462056.504505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589466.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 843623.313953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1462056.504505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87537167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64960680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152497847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87537167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64960680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152497847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87537167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64960680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152497847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3501486.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755356.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1373854.477477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3501486.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755356.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1373854.477477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3501486.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755356.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1373854.477477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.632726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.856055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    58.741196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1937.402749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.945997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146498678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      146498678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     146498678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.711705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.711705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.033458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    43.547957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1949.418585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.951865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104829540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72092824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     176922364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104829540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72092824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      176922364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104829540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72092824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     176922364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4031905.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838288.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1579663.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4031905.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838288.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1579663.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4031905.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838288.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1579663.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102545491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64540523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167086014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102545491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64540523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167086014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102545491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64540523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167086014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3944057.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750471.197674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491839.410714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3944057.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750471.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491839.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3944057.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750471.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491839.410714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.698752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.997539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.730541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    63.657987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1875.312685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.031083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.915680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14111421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133601381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147712802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14111421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133601381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      147712802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14111421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133601381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     147712802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1007958.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890675.873333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900687.817073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1007958.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890675.873333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900687.817073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1007958.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890675.873333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900687.817073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12882221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    120430936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133313157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12882221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    120430936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133313157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12882221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    120430936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133313157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920158.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802872.906667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812885.103659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920158.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802872.906667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812885.103659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920158.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802872.906667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812885.103659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.284768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.143146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1911.572086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.057199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.933385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      256383749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.015625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.015625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862963.015625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861753.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.634078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.634078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.834159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    58.697997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1937.467844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.028661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.946029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101851838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162497130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101851838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      162497130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60645292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    101851838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     162497130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885668.156522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1144345.985915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885668.156522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1144345.985915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2246121.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 885668.156522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1144345.985915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91753225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150027005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91753225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150027005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58273780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91753225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150027005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797854.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056528.204225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797854.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056528.204225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2158288.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797854.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056528.204225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          562                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.543750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.435366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.424354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.400069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   236.745715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1656.973612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.115598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.809069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 564                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    532261032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589974791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576359171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      634072930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576359171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     634072930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1075274.812121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130219.906130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073294.545624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124242.783688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073294.545624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124242.783688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    488875501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544218468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529285385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584628352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529285385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584628352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 987627.274747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042564.114943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985633.864060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036575.092199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985633.864060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036575.092199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              497.978625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750132239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1488357.617063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.978625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.036825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84503551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84503551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84503551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84503551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84503551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84503551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1797947.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1797947.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1797947.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1797947.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1797947.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1797947.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       278858                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       278858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72905132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72905132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72905132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72905132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72905132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72905132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2513970.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2513970.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2513970.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2513970.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2513970.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2513970.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              113322238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             172747.314024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   143.388434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   112.611566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.560111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.439889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        84634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        70446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         155080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        155080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456794446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    456794446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1264710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1264710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    458059156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    458059156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    458059156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    458059156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        85891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363400.513922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363400.513922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 79044.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79044.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 359826.516889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 359826.516889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 359826.516889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 359826.516889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    136203497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136203497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    136395797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136395797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    136395797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136395797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 343081.856423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343081.856423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340989.492500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340989.492500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340989.492500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340989.492500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.291432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769302693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381153.847397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.291432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289546877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             293658.090264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.035027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.964973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              497.980019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1488357.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.980019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65451893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65451893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1454486.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58224661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58224661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2007746.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172484.686454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   143.233661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   112.766339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.559506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.440494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    436149329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    436149329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437412695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    437412695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437412695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    437412695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 346425.201747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 346425.201747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343068.780392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 343068.780392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343068.780392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 343068.780392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130622722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130622722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130815022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130815022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130815022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130815022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328197.793970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328197.793970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       326222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       326222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       326222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       326222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.282953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              769302124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1381152.825853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.282953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         117407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        117407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18152535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18152535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18152535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18152535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     18152535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18152535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       117428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       117428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 864406.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864406.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 864406.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864406.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 864406.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864406.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12445429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12445429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12445429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12445429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12445429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12445429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 888959.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888959.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 888959.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888959.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 888959.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888959.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289542987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             294251.003049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   100.904233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   155.095767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.394157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.605843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       299767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         463542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        463542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1080802658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1080802658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1080802658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1080802658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1080802658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1080802658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       302388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       163775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 412362.708127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412362.708127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 412362.708127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 412362.708127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 412362.708127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 412362.708127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    282411476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282411476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    282411476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    282411476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    282411476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    282411476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 387927.851648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 387927.851648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 387927.851648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 387927.851648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 387927.851648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 387927.851648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.326131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              769302111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1381152.802513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.326131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         117394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        117394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15772508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15772508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15772508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15772508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15772508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15772508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       117414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       117414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 788625.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788625.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 788625.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788625.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 788625.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788625.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11769489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11769489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11769489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11769489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11769489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11769489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 840677.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840677.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 840677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 840677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              289541518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             293652.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   100.609583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   155.390417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.393006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.606994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       298848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        298848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       462073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         462073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       462073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        462073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1071320045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1071320045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1071320045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1071320045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1071320045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1071320045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       301450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       301450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       163225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       464675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       464675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       464675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       464675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 411729.456188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411729.456188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 411729.456188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 411729.456188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 411729.456188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 411729.456188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    280120628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280120628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    280120628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280120628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    280120628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280120628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383726.887671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383726.887671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383726.887671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383726.887671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383726.887671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383726.887671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              539.744316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              647136830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1196186.377079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.744316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       119779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       119779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151380489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             202922.907507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   130.409636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   125.590364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.509413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.490587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       168765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       203701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         203701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       203701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        203701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828685153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828685153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828685153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828685153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828685153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    828685153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        34936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       205492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       205492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462694.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462694.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462694.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462694.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462694.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462694.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171876668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171876668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171876668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171876668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171876668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171876668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350768.710204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350768.710204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350768.710204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350768.710204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350768.710204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350768.710204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.298926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753577118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1560201.072464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.298926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122894350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122894350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122894350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122894350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122894350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122894350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3072358.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3072358.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3072358.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3072358.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3072358.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3072358.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2844990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       474165                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89100343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89100343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89100343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89100343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89100343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89100343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3182155.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182155.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3182155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3182155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109423590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167570.581930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   142.530314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   113.469686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.556759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.443241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         173489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        173489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    226963689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226963689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227528280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227528280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227528280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227528280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       101037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222295.483839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222295.483839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221331.011673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221331.011673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221331.011673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221331.011673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92687647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92687647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92815847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92815847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92815847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92815847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 234652.270886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234652.270886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233793.065491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233793.065491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233793.065491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233793.065491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.744857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647137201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196187.062847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.744857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151381013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             202923.609920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   130.400247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   125.599753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.509376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.490624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822157038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    822157038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822157038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    822157038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822157038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    822157038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459049.155779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459049.155779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459049.155779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459049.155779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459049.155779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459049.155779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169345705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169345705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169345705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169345705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169345705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169345705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345603.479592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345603.479592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345603.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345603.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345603.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345603.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              467.163964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753577187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1563438.147303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.163964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         127846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       127846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        127846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    144334176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144334176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    144334176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144334176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    144334176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144334176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       127887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       127887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       127887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3520345.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3520345.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3520345.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3520345.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3520345.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3520345.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2591790                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       431965                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90074662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90074662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90074662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90074662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90074662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90074662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3336098.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3336098.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3336098.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3336098.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3336098.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3336098.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109423891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             167571.042879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   142.323557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   113.676443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.555951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.444049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       100196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        73596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         173792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       173792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        173792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225509766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225509766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1055692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    226565458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226565458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    226565458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226565458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       101210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 222396.218935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222396.218935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87974.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87974.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 220824.033138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220824.033138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 220824.033138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220824.033138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93248577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93248577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93456920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93456920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93456920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93456920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 236671.515228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236671.515228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 235407.858942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235407.858942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 235407.858942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235407.858942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              497.482298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750132775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1491317.644135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.482298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113322039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             173275.288991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   143.151073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   112.848927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.559184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.440816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        84630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         154881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        154881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    431394434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    431394434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1240738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1240738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    432635172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    432635172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    432635172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    432635172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        85892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 341833.941363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341833.941363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77546.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77546.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119190470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119190470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119382770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119382770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119382770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119382770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 301748.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301748.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              467.317256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753577023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1560200.875776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.317256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         127682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        127682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152850488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152850488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152850488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152850488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152850488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152850488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       127723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       127723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3728060.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3728060.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3728060.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3728060.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3728060.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3728060.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4741852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 948370.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105190622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105190622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105190622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105190622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105190622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105190622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3756807.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3756807.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3756807.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3756807.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3756807.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3756807.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109423442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             167570.355283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   142.596183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   113.403817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.557016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.442984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        73408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         173342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        173342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217403643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217403643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       565081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217968724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217968724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217968724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217968724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       100955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212932.069540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212932.069540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 80725.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80725.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212031.832685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212031.832685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212031.832685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212031.832685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92885175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92885175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93013375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93013375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93013375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93013375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 235152.341772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235152.341772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234290.617128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234290.617128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234290.617128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234290.617128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.729451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750704207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1513516.546371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.729451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     17099742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17099742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     17099742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17099742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     17099742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17099742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 899986.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899986.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 899986.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899986.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 899986.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899986.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14227963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14227963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14227963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1016283.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016283.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1016283.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016283.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1016283.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016283.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118284938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             161812.500684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   159.729182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    96.270818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.623942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.376058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        83105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        69450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         152555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        152555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    647223733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    647223733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57799951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57799951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    705023684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    705023684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    705023684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    705023684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        84733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       154250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       154250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 397557.575553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397557.575553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862685.835821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862685.835821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 415943.176401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415943.176401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 415943.176401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415943.176401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858749                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156076206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156076206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156076206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156076206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156076206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156076206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 328581.486316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328581.486316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 328581.486316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328581.486316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 328581.486316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328581.486316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.283678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769302580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381153.644524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.283678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289545827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             293657.025355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.887546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.112454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              497.459689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1491317.745527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.459689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.035993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     68438173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68438173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710954.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       287444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       287444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60938326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60938326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2176368.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113322111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             173275.399083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.055284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.944716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.558810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.441190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        84668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         154953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        154953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406690805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    406690805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1242018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1242018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407932823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407932823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407932823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407932823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        85930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 322258.958003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 322258.958003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77626.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77626.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319196.262128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 319196.262128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319196.262128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 319196.262128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121036128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121036128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121228428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121228428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121228428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121228428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 306420.577215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 306420.577215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304594.040201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304594.040201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 304594.040201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304594.040201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.134525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753861609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455331.291506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.134525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125584526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             113651.154751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.677618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.322382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.690147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.309853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1311077518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1311077518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705400986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1705400986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705400986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1705400986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 648727.124196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648727.124196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707635.263900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707635.263900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707635.263900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707635.263900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557430503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557430503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602005442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    602005442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602005442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    602005442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 691601.120347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 691601.120347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
