
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 212923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   269050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1298322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 81673.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17390136835                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21974195410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3556992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1054592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4182144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1468288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4179456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3573248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1461376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3573376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2221440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2219648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4183424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1054848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2224384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39788928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10209280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10209280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        32652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        27916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        27917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                310851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           79760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                79760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33544379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13835895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9945379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13846759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39414555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33697682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21090626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        53113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13781575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33698889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20949394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20932494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39451976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9947793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20977157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               375231345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        53113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             743580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96279092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96279092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96279092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33544379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13835895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9945379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13846759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39414555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33697682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21090626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        53113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13781575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33698889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20949394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20932494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39451976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9947793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20977157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              471510437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17501609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238181949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954462     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794747      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238181949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18740780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17581507                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238181949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179820507     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614826     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889848      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097129      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265968      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540961      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500319      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238181949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182475558     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431899     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592267      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375918      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835532      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817987      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865924      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451250      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254286010                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17862227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14606737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1744897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7575645                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7066517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1838537                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173466009                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101290108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17862227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8905054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21240142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5052954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8048241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10665147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1755915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    206023835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      184783693     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1153258      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1822524      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2888936      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1208143      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1358429      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1426419      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         933852      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10448581      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    206023835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      171835383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9692264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21173523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        53683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3268980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2929191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          438                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    123694436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2815                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3268980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      172089780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2003000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6926166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        20977374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       758533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    123611502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        29662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       213008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       275287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57870                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171594692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    575013401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    575013401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    146660760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       24933860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2229546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11790366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6338463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        123439156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       116931190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15464899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34329496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3571                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206023835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156672157     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19833447      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10841200      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7374165      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6889267      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1990198      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1537496      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527426      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358479      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206023835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27177     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82314     38.28%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105536     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97952182     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1845648      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14180      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10814351      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6304829      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    116931190                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440248843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138937516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115064590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    117146217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356655                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2110485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          322                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184949                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7286                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3268980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1253828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123471458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11790366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6338463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17886                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1020992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2014934                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115278288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10174329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1652902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16477548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16231492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6303219                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            115065435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           115064590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67276346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       175707680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382888                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86147959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    105595576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17876389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1782223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202754855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159891085     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20755344     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8082391      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4354865      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3262387      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1820149      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1122227      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004056      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2462351      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202754855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     86147959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    105595576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             15833372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9679871                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14268                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15157914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        95149428                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2145173                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2462351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          323763897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         250213190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2809389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              48262175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          86147959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           105595576                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     86147959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.951736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.951736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      519871518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     159490979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115389025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        28570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19681136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16103738                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8073749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737658                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033070                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189439316                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110097126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19681136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9770728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22974687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5248783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     10200359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11589141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1921411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    225920614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      202945927     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1071543      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1699792      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2304044      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2366951      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2005368      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1121700      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1666871      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10738418      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    225920614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187491174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     12167506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22931741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26527                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3239634                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    135078102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      188005327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1672485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      9303162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22449982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1185990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    135028300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       176240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       508807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    188433355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    628176173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    628176173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    163349423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25083916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33428                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17370                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3521269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12628187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6850654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        134864030                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33548                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128066990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14915354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35730463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225920614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171703144     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22317894      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11290925      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8511053      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6686028      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2703648      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702638      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886365      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118919      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225920614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24490     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77934     36.68%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110058     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107706619     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913958      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16055      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11601026      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6829332      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128066990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482284617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149813465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126150493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128279472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2016229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1382997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134897713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12628187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6850654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2196392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126303728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10917053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17746123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17947503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6829070                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126150687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126150493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        72411151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       195114718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95221916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117169709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17728022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1944022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222616949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174521178     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23850124     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9000393      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4292567      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3631403      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2075614      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1803940      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820064      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621666      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222616949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95221916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117169709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17363018                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10611956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16896005                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105568560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2412785                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2621666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354892351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         273099202                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2868980                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28368094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95221916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117169709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95221916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.670485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.670485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      568461140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     175727250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     125237591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22072039                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18377284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8469928                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2376020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191992469                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            121053235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22072039                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10462786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25239543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5575762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17372434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11920319                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914382                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    238164011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      212924468     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1547910      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1955381      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3094407      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1309756      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1684978      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1950580      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         893522      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12803009      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    238164011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086799                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476046                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      190865031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     18613467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25119216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3554264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3359577                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          543                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    147986076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2591                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3554264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      191059288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        618962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     17452638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24936963                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       541892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    147071600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        78123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       377994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    205393764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    683960268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    683960268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171996449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       33397273                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35628                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1907488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13777186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7204507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635434                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143590356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       137811843                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17330993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35221244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238164011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179766629     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26634610     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889723      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6105829      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269259      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543494      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501734      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346474      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106259      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238164011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939551     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129551     10.87%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122892     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116098407     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884085      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17058      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12629363      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7182930      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    137811843                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541950                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515107505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160957768                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134222835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    139003837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2598111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          662                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        470451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143626122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13777186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7204507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          662                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2312361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135408345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12423731                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19605988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19152134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7182257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134223270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134222835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80438719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216071489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527836                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100063912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123302106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20324614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2019934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234609747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182426316     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26446539     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9597670      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784027      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4379770      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836439      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819264      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866489      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453233      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234609747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100063912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123302106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18282949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11179075                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17872357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       111012056                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2546172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2453233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          375782532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290807754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2909893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16124697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100063912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123302106                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100063912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      609283542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187559491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136860585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17201764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15523128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6390663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6152168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944894                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39794                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182370564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108085730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17201764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7097062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21386923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2846248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     25270909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10461764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230952981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      209566058     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         762236      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1564906      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         671524      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3550098      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3158921      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         609140      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1277278      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9792820      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230952981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.425051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      180487468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     27165372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21307542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1924107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1508877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126780915                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1924107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      180728012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      25248217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1098029                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21164318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       790293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126707409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       405313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       261132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6186                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    148722555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    596700832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    596700832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    131831029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       16891509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1836189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     29896822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15121095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       730092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126455132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       121511015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9871262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23771732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230952981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187322815     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13318343      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10772667      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4659005      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5827171      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5515377      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3132760      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250550      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154293      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230952981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305144     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2336138     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68201      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76218719     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061546      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29150100     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15073378     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    121511015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709483                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476763951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136344237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120461598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    124220498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1180936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3120                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10706                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1924107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      24636031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126469948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29896822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15121095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3120                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1056131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120664585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29045673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           44117618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15807495                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15071945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            120464796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           120461598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        65071790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       128443143                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97850689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114990610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11493151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       918946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229028874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187169530     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15406667      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172393      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7056916      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953614      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8074850      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615286      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448957      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130661      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229028874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     97850689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114990610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             43730422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            28715878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15185057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102254352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1130661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354381688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         254891818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3914082                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23335727                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114990610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.598742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.598742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596468613                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     139876707                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150892285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19687555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16109146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8078037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7740550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034074                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189504625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110134520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19687555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9774624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22982499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5251226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10139272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11593312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    225934254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      202951755     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1071600      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1700694      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2304432      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2367865      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2006212      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1122535      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1667687      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10741474      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    225934254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077422                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187555221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12107690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22939616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26448                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3305278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3240469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    135123923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3305278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      188069834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1665455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9249410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22457321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1186953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    135074131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       176127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       509330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    188496048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    628391029                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    628391029                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    163401608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25094440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3523879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12632840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6852881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80478                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        134910717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128109421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17546                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14924796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35751873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225934254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171698823     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22326918      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11293185      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8512537      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6689108      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704778      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702969      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887102      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118834      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225934254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24520     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77967     36.68%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110093     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107742550     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1914581      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16061      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11604803      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6831426      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128109421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503795                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482383222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149869651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126192466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128322001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2017468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3305278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1375599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134944456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12632840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6852881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98638                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1117178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2197505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126345731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10920553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17751717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17953088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6831164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126192670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126192466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        72435546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       195183227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95252428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117207253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17737228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1944852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222628976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174517638     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23858192     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9002632      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4294727      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3632229      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076097      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1804555      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820363      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2622543      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222628976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95252428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117207253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17368643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10615372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16901412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105602403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2413560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2622543                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354950251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         273194303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2870101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28354454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95252428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117207253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95252428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.669630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.669630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      568652195                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     175784942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     125279790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17162044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15486841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899277                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6389890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6133508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944907                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39716                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    181988774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            107843463                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17162044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7078415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21332391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2843662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     25555842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10441085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    230799033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      209466642     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         760038      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1557047      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         665946      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3541810      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3157008      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         608195      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1277707      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9764640      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    230799033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      180096976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     27459247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21253049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        68233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      1921523                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1505838                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126473695                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2694                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      1921523                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      180338442                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      25536707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1099093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21108993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       794270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126402987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       404703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       261827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9422                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    148387834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    595283003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    595283003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    131507806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       16880022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        14663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1841679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     29820345                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15078933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       729777                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126154081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       121210504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9848854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23715481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230799033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187275511     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13285617      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10748480      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4648730      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5809165      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5501791      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3126182      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249426      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154131      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230799033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304931     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2329805     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68122      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76038758     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1058867      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7254      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29068587     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15037038     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    121210504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2702858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475997348                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136020764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120168328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    123913362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1174042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          467                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10675                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      1921523                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      24928244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126168869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29820345                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15078933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7407                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       522655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       533186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1055841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120364425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28969370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           44004894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       15769907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15035524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            120171583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           120168328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        64918865                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       128173537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97611707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    114709613                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11473667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       918943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228877510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187122259     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15366166      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7155614      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7039545      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1949262      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8055210      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613789      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447568      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1128097      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228877510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97611707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    114709613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             43624440                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            28646300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15147936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       102004409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1111050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1128097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          353932407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         254288280                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3906729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23489675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97611707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           114709613                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97611707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.605105                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.605105                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383862                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383862                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      595003610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     139546393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150547023                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17898964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14637555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1750262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7609173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7085786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77840                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173874999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            101494429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17898964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8928279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21286660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5068359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      8002713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10691312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1761510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    206443615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      185156955     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1156679      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1828597      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2893881      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1211956      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1360554      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1430295      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         935286      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10469412      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    206443615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      172238728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9651886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21220572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        53643                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3278784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2934540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          435                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    123953803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2814                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3278784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      172493074                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1976087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6906946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21024392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       764330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    123869495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        33235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       212677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       275449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63874                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    171941673                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    576224611                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    576224611                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    146944017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       24997656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        32201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2231241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11819555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6352251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        123695394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32290                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       117166702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15516263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34456116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3636                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206443615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156991578     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19875894      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10861547      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7388768      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6902383      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1995787      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539909      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528503      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359246      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206443615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27249     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82736     38.33%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105858     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98148817     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849169      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14208      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10836919      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6317589      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    117166702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441141249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139245244                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115292370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    117382545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355725                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1325                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7307                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          116                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3278784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1240953                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123727823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11819555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6352251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1325                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2021118                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115507144                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10193009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16508963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16262046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6315954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            115293170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           115292370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        67409736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       176071386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453392                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86314378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    105799510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17928876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1787745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203164831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160216330     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20796327     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8099109      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4363902      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268396      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1823881      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124646      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005526      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466714      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203164831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     86314378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    105799510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             15863950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             9698544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             14296                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15187123                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        95333232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2149306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2466714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          324425931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         250735756                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2816681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              47845093                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          86314378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           105799510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     86314378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.946076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.946076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      520900734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     159806856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     115619481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        28628                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18677034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15318916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830611                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7850110                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7304014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82565                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178463650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            106117839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18677034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9222990                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23351327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5186785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     16829616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10993343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    221968239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198616912     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2531600      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2935368      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1613306      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1846984      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1026240      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         698284      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1803297      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10896248      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    221968239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      177006567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18314053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23156789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       184287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3306541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3028519                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17106                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129534445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        84778                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3306541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      177289196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6265593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11255336                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23065558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       786013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129454402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       202307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       362406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    179924245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    602683452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    602683452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    153821871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26102368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34258                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2106031                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12366287                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6732657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1489513                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129245244                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       122237533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15997988                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36848942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221968239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170445188     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20735961      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11137910      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7703172      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6728897      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3441406      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837061      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537900      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400744      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221968239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32500     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111329     42.45%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118400     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102320116     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908807      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14980      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11309267      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6684363      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    122237533                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480704                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466876915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145278714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120201829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    122499762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307766                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          741                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137899                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7489                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4179                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3306541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5843031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136352                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129279697                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12366287                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6732657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19245                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064700                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2088060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120430038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10621987                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17304937                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16856795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6682950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473596                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            120203791                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           120201829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71451070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       187065558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90328668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    110822443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18458579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1841142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218661698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173383045     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20998617      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8799222      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5289786      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3658985      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2366867      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224554      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986551      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1954071      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218661698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     90328668                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    110822443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16787302                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10192544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15074                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15860620                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        99910880                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2254709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1954071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          345988038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         261868655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2734480                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32320469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          90328668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           110822443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     90328668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      543260416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     166838423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     120908162                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19614308                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16049406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8175795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7724868                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2028033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189029727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109669591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19614308                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9752901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22900903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5228802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10381907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11564732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1920657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    225597514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      202696611     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1071248      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1699500      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2298777      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2362651      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1998589      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1113509      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1662880      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10693749      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    225597514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      187085101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12343920                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22858285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        26305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3283902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3227936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          367                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    134576270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3283902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      187599062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1684095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      9471654                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22376436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1182362                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    134524588                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       175711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       507231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    187735315                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    625809318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    625809318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    162899845                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       24835470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        33572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17558                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3511994                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12594945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6825855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        134358759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127661943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14742924                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35218092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225597514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171515703     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22285909      9.88%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11276623      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8470925      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6654038      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2692078      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699561      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885311      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117366      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225597514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24316     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77731     36.66%     48.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109973     51.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107369948     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1903574      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16011      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11568441      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6803969      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127661943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212020                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481150967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149135885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125741775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    127873963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       257505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2012352                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          515                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3283902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1395507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116361                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134392583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12594945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6825855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17561                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          515                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1118729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1075916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2194645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125894556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10885274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1767387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           17688963                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17894601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6803689                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.495085                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125742009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125741775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        72179837                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       194480452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.494484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94959623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116846941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17545664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1943825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222313612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174337102     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23796396     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8974611      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4279402      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3630930      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072061      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1793343      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       819102      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2610665      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222313612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     94959623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116846941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17314954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10582593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16849452                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105277766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2406141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2610665                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          354094902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         272069169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2865615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              28691194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          94959623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116846941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     94959623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.677861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.677861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      566630111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     175165544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     124760116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17902347                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14639442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1751690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7589171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7083815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1843222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173911456                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            101523987                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17902347                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8927037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21289984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5073894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8089001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10694627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1762878                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    206573890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      185283906     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1156817      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1827436      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2894286      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1209959      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1359729      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1433939      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         936947      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10470871      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    206573890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      172273745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9739695                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21224134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        53324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3282990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2935872                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    123985273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3282990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      172528083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2014706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6951621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21027622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       768866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123903939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        40453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       212756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       275725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67653                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    171996004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    576379752                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    576379752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    146962981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25033023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2231629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     11821894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6352805                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1441096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        123730448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       117196500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15533908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34481036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3528                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206573890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    157110434     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19881635      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10860831      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7392960      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6903148      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1996224      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539738      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529177      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359743      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206573890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27311     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82708     38.32%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105823     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98173674     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849860      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14210      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10840158      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6318598      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    117196500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.460880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215842                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441331718                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139297847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115321399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    117412342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       354567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          351                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7287                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3282990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1252665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123762766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11821894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6352805                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1335                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       997218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2021941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115536006                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10195542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1660494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16512588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16265993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6317046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            115322241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           115321399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67428640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       176111476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453506                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86325539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    105813177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17950155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1789158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203290900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160335638     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20800294     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8099385      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4365943      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3267352      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1825407      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124379      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006449      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466053      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203290900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     86325539                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    105813177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             15866000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9699791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15189077                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        95345557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2149585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2466053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          324587607                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         250809850                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2818001                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              47714818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          86325539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           105813177                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     86325539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.945695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.945695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      521031877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     159848806                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     115652566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        28630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17451556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15573664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1385132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11548710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11369669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41708                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184166902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             99092670                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17451556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12416999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22084182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4551107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7457625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11141220                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1359530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    216866860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      194782678     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3364267      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1697550      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3324064      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1068661      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3078277      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         486256      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         791656      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8273451      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    216866860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389686                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      182405212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9261705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22040647                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        17516                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3141776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1657223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    110867648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        31130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3141776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      182605205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       5976156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2650319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21842214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       651186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    110706150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        85831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       499509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    145100407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    501739918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    501739918                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    117695484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27404907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14890                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7540                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1497061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     19930738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3251332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       739898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        110128803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       103131563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19853418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40624789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216866860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171659274     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14220778      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15150436      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8768563      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4524969      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1137314      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1347580      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31270      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26676      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216866860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173366     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71317     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58511     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80890529     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       809487      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7350      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18200619     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3223578      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    103131563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405569                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423500825                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129997424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100523880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    103434757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4042522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3141776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5232632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110143822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19930738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3251332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7535                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       932962                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1469694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101823745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17941493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1307818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21164909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15480198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3223416                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            100546908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           100523880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        60813571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       132572462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80065753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     90155294                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19992936                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1376374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213725084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180159255     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13190425      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8471706      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2665535      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4422349      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       864721      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547850      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501193      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2902050      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213725084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     80065753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     90155294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19058809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            15888213                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7396                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         13832691                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        78790908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1128646                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2902050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          320970965                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         223440670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4107837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              37421848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          80065753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            90155294                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     80065753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.175998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.175998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314862                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314862                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      473271995                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     130991991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     117722783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18658544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15302077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7817674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7291995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1917014                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178260614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            106017023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18658544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9209009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23325963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5193599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17002934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10983233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820217                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    221920017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      198594054     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2530540      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2925340      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1609832      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1848144      0.83%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1024192      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         697193      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1802058      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10888664      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    221920017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073375                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      176806168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     18484759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23131563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       184203                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3313322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3027188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17187                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    129421790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        85005                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3313322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      177089538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6094050                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     11599126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23039862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       784117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    129340933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       198976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       362984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           34                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    179751058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    602166713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    602166713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    153587821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26163228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19349                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2104361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12361594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6724683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        129133989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       122097337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16056141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37013149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4245                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221920017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170465753     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20702488      9.33%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11127774      5.01%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7685306      3.46%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6723821      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3439460      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837389      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537743      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400283      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221920017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32410     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112206     42.64%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118539     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102200675     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1906558      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14957      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11297863      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6677284      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    122097337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.480152                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            263155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466551489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145225695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120057660                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    122360492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       306116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2184538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          752                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7478                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3673                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3313322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5673819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       134991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129168519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12361594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6724683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19349                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1151                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1063921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024965                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2088886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120287900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10607760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1809437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           17283594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16834151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6675834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            120059553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           120057660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71353298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       186859556                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472131                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90191340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    110653848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18515992                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1841529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218606695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173398347     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20963997      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8788141      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5280231      2.42%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3653927      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2362607      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1223139      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       985149      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951157      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218606695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     90191340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    110653848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16761801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10177056                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15052                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15836470                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        99758880                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2251264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1951157                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          345824767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         261653067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2732778                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              32368691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          90191340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           110653848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     90191340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.819436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.819436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      542613145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     166631167                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     120787389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        30142                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17191764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15512239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6474005                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6147507                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         949660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182446124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            108048711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17191764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7097167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21369515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2833053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     25354759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10464821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903259                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231081409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      209711894     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         761090      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1555652      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         666020      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3551470      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3168337      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         613907      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1281322      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9771717      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231081409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424906                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      180553656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     27258575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21290764                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        67903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      1910506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1509810                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    126684364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2732                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      1910506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      180794425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      25321209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1110127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21145856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       799281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    126616844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       410327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       264185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7634                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    148644148                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    596321965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    596321965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    131850891                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       16793257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        14700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7423                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1846424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     29874212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15112023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       733196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        126374582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       121469884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69358                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9763496                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23466623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231081409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187455580     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13325606      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10778362      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4652645      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5814869      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5514589      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3135877      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249112      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154769      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231081409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305352     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335578     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68213      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76196722     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060934      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7273      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29129461     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15075494     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    121469884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709143                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476799678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136155928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120438773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    124179027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218628                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1153261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3110                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10707                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      1910506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      24703639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126389409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29874212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15112023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7427                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3110                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524776                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1055420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120627432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29036613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       842452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           44110662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15808863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15074049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            120441899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           120438773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        65060922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       128430218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506586                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97866208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    115008606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11394620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       919349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229170903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187303296     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15408738      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7174966      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7060601      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951658      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8078529      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613722      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448620      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130773      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229170903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97866208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    115008606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             43738124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            28720951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15187338                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102270317                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1113925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1130773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          354443070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         254717153                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3916753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              23207299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97866208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           115008606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97866208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.598330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.598330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      596351107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     139860967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150862472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        14636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22054639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18361597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999874                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8508158                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191940212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            120979808                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22054639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10459385                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25224387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5558952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17478721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11913343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911483                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    238187549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      212963162     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1548071      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1956834      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3096516      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1306082      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1683859      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1951153      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         891635      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12790237      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    238187549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190812888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18718034                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25104334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3540361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3357878                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147865045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3540361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      191006669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        618642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     17558465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24922572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       540836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146951236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        78096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       377401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205252347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683410290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683410290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171982384                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33269826                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35703                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18646                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1904599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13742235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7201839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143484548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137752168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17246280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34964198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238187549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179807704     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26630546     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889881      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6101469      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265442      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538814      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500254      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347421      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106018      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238187549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939788     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127178     10.69%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122893     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116048515     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884372      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17056      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12622289      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179936      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137752168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189859                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515007423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160767322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134173927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138942027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2564054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          663                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3540361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        470591                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143520385                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13742235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7201839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          663                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122076                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2306071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135356540                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2395628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19599417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19146695                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7179054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.532295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134174557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134173927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80404827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215933448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372359                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100055711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123292024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20228818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34407                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2017017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234647188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182467430     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26442064     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596443      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4787414      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4378755      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1840324      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816725      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866422      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451611      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234647188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100055711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123292024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18281450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11178171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17870902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       111002955                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2545956                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2451611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          375715717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290582170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2904287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16101129                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100055711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123292024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100055711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.541471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.541471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393473                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393473                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      609069387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187492747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136783855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17495750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15614928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1389169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11555356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11399354                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41747                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184617908                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             99349035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17495750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12446448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22140377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4564892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7438694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11169205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1363696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217364859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      195224482     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3372735      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1704741      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3332810      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1068923      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3083497      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         485793      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         794973      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8296905      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217364859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      182854495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9244359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22096662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        17857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3151482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1659788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    111152187                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        31150                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3151482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      183056545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6024717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2584303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21896105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       651703                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    110988313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        85488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       499484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    145452588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    502969596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    502969596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    117960597                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27491981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        14911                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7547                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1502521                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     19985124                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3259341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       740156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        110403861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14965                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       103409522                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19921564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40698689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217364859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172047045     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14251312      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15182353      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8789988      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4542692      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1141915      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350534      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32167      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26853      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217364859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173735     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71389     23.51%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58549     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81095087     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       810768      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7364      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18266882     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3229421      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    103409522                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303673                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424559526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130340671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100776633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    103713195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4056235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82747                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3151482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5280000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78951                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110418905                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19985124                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3259341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2120                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       936391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       538321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1474712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102092002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18001202                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1317520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21230487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15516656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3229285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            100799679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           100776633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        60960332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       132811979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396308                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458997                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80252990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     90361696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20061597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1380395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214213376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180573642     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13217178      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8490568      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2670808      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4433904      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       867161      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549611      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502161      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2908343      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214213376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     80252990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     90361696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19105481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            15928887                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7410                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         13864782                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        78969873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1130775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2908343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          321728027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         224000541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4116740                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              36923849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          80252990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            90361696                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     80252990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.168589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.168589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      474503289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     131306262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118026656                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        14840                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704932658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6806291941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704932658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6806291941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704932658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6806291941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814793.128934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823208.991413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814793.128934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823208.991413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814793.128934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823208.991413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5982259768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6080194851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5982259768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6080194851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5982259768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6080194851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726972.872524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735388.830552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726972.872524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735388.830552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726972.872524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735388.830552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        27836                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.597465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         161123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        29884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.391614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.273342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.572932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1640.175038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         391.576153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.800867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.191199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  35006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35005                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 35006                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               27798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                27827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27789                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               27827                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56401753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25928994443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25985396196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25306893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25306893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56401753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25954301336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    26010703089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56401753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25954301336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   26010703089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1484256.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934041.586563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934793.733218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 872651.482759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872651.482759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1484256.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933977.521177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934728.971467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1484256.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933977.521177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934728.971467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           27827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          27827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53063338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23490993851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23544057189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22759229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22759229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53063338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23513753080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23566816418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53063338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23513753080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23566816418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1396403.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846217.357745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846969.465033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       784801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       784801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1396403.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846153.264961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846904.675962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1396403.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846153.264961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846904.675962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        11506                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.450135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         191398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        13553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        14.122187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.929984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.406042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1509.219581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         505.894529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.736924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.247019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 27373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27520                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27522                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               11505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                11505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               11505                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9348637967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9428489391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9348637967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     9428489391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9348637967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    9428489391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815548.980808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819512.332986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815548.980808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819512.332986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815548.980808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819512.332986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           11504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8341486167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8417649991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8341486167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8417649991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8341486167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8417649991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727751.366864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731715.054850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727751.366864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731715.054850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727751.366864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731715.054850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         8274                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.225778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         214202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        10319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        20.758019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.151550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     6.217789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1380.523140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         622.333300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.003036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.674084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.303874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 26994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  27200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27198                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 27200                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 8275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                8275                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97583483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6678215327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6775798810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97583483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6678215327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     6775798810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97583483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6678215327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    6775798810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             35269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              35475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             35475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2710652.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 810561.394223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818827.650755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2710652.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 810561.394223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818827.650755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2710652.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 810561.394223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818827.650755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            8275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94422683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5954624855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6049047538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94422683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5954624855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6049047538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94422683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5954624855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6049047538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622852.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 722736.358175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731002.723625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622852.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 722736.358175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731002.723625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2622852.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 722736.358175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731002.723625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        32712                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.938373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         200258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        34760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.761162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.913208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1806.388311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         235.947751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.882026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.115209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38684                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               32674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                32712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               32712                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30882080095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30958793646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30945189579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31021903130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30945189579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31021903130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             71330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              71396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             71396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 946287.117972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947505.467528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947118.096869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948334.040413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947118.096869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948334.040413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           32712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          32712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28016526283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28089814660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28076299367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28149587744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28076299367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28149587744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 858480.964700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859699.291792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859311.950754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860527.871851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859311.950754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860527.871851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11515                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.443653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         191413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        14.113921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.920154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.403831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.284337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.835331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.736955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  27535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27533                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 27535                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11514                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9323378202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9404623106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9323378202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9404623106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9323378202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9404623106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             38898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812707.304916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816798.949627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812707.304916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816798.949627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812707.304916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816798.949627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8315443860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393001164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8315443860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393001164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8315443860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393001164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724910.108970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729002.098845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724910.108970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729002.098845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724910.108970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729002.098845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        32691                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.937826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         200099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        34739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.760068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.686419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.961440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1806.190872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         236.099095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.881929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.115283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 38530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12298                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               12298                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  38558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38557                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 38558                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               32653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                32691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32652                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               32691                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66376820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31210635270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31277012090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57514773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     57514773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66376820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31268150043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    31334526863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66376820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31268150043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   31334526863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             71183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12298                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           12298                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              71249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             71249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701969.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956970.481082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957860.291244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1513546.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1513546.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701969.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957618.217659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958506.220764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1701969.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957618.217659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958506.220764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5144                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5144                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           32691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          32691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62952467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28346374235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28409326702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54177196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54177196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62952467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28400551431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28463503898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62952467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28400551431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28463503898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614165.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869147.428558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870037.261569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1425715.684211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1425715.684211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614165.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869795.155917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870683.181854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614165.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869795.155917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870683.181854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        27966                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.598563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         161248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        30014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.372426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.921932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.802813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1642.127153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         389.746665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.801820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.190306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 35026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  35114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35113                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 35114                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               27927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                27956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27916                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               27956                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52169769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25791391463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25843561232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22139796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22139796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52169769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25813531259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    25865701028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52169769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25813531259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   25865701028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             62953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              63070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             63070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1304244.225000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 924853.568437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925396.971819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 763441.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763441.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1304244.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 924685.888344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925228.967950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1304244.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 924685.888344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925228.967950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           27956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          27956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48656770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23342704056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23391360826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19591851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19591851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48656770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23362295907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23410952677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     48656770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23362295907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23410952677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.443270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1216419.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 837046.080826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837589.459161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 675581.068966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675581.068966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1216419.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836878.346002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837421.400665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1216419.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836878.346002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837421.400665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17518                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.528138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         225801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.540478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.897115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.855098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1627.667347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         384.108577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.794759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.187553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 32906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               17950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33046                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33047                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17472                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17507                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14760281500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14822360627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6435488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6435488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14766716988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14828796115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14766716988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14828796115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             50406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           17950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              50554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             50554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845134.926997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846992.035829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 919355.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919355.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845164.662775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847020.969612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845164.662775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847020.969612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9529                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9529                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13226536989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13285542921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5820888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5820888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13232357877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13291363809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13232357877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13291363809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757316.747151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759173.881200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 831555.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831555.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757346.490213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759202.822243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757346.490213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759202.822243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        11465                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.456572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         191250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        13513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        14.153038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.933134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.591877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1509.022051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         505.909510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.736827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.247026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8763                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27405                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27407                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               11462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                11462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11418                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               11462                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9569427107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9657160615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9569427107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     9657160615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9569427107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    9657160615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             38723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8763                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              38869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             38869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 838100.114468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842537.132699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 838100.114468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842537.132699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 838100.114468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842537.132699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5019                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5019                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           11461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          11461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8565009032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8648865206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8565009032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8648865206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8565009032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8648865206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 750197.865639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754634.430329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 750197.865639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754634.430329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 750197.865639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754634.430329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        27965                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.600875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         161230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        30013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.372005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.634749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1641.559001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         390.269358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.801542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.190561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 35001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7276                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7276                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  35089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35088                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 35089                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               27926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                27955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27917                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               27955                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25693141646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25744937779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23159380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23159380                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25716301026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    25768097159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25716301026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   25768097159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             62927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7276                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7276                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              63044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        63005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             63044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921297.391208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921898.509597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798599.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798599.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921169.933231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921770.601288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 921169.933231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921770.601288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4153                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4153                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           27955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          27955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23244365632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23292825365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20612972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20612972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23264978604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23313438337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23264978604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23313438337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.443092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833489.874928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834091.003545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710792.137931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710792.137931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833362.417308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833963.095582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833362.417308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833963.095582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17390                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.834410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         156161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         8.033800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.771946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.739633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1662.987315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         353.335516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.812006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.172527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 32739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5860                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                5860                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  32804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32803                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 32804                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17389                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38874738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13884314314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13923189052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38874738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13884314314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    13923189052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38874738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13884314314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   13923189052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             50128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5860                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            5860                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              50193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             50193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1143374.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800018.110861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800689.461844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1143374.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800018.110861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800689.461844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1143374.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 800018.110861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800689.461844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2344                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2344                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35888619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12360027490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12395916109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35888619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12360027490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12395916109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35888619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12360027490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12395916109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055547.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712188.273696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712859.630168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055547.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712188.273696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712859.630168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1055547.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712188.273696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712859.630168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        17386                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.531183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         225731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        19434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        11.615262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.640454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.868457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1626.891578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         385.130694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.794381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.188052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        32859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 32860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  33002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33001                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 33002                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               17373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                17376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17341                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               17376                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68295574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14802842252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14871137826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3240452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3240452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68295574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14806082704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    14874378278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68295574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14806082704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   14874378278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        50197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             50233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        50342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              50378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        50342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             50378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.020690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.020690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1951302.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853780.266005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855991.355897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1080150.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080150.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1951302.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853819.428176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856030.057436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1951302.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853819.428176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856030.057436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               9496                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    9496                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           17376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          17376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65222574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13280036189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13345258763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2977052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2977052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65222574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13283013241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13348235815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65222574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13283013241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13348235815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.020690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1863502.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765949.716749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768160.868186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 992350.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992350.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1863502.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765988.884205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768199.574988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1863502.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765988.884205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768199.574988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        32722                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.940331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         200275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        34770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.759994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.698695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.984393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1807.992023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         234.265219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.882809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.114387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12336                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12336                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38695                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38696                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               32684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                32722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32683                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               32722                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86325486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30841373757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30927699243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63128340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63128340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86325486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30904502097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    30990827583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86325486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30904502097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   30990827583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             71352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12336                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12336                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              71418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             71418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2213474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 944750.306540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946264.203984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1661272.105263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1661272.105263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2213474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945583.394945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947094.541379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2213474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945583.394945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947094.541379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5165                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5165                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           32722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          32722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82899743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  27974640471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28057540214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59791282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59791282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82899743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28034431753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28117331496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82899743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28034431753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28117331496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2125634.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 856934.920233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858448.788826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1573454.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573454.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2125634.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857768.006395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859279.124014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2125634.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857768.006395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859279.124014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         8281                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.226732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         214194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        10326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        20.743173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.154196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     7.298340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1381.972077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         619.802118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.674791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.302638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 26986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8434                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  27191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27189                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 27191                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                8282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 8282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                8282                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6712806857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6808589151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6712806857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     6808589151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6712806857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    6808589151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             35268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8434                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              35473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             35473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 814562.171702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822094.802101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 814562.171702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822094.802101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 814562.171702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822094.802101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            8282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           8282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5989058284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081239572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5989058284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081239572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5989058284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6081239572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726739.265138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734271.863318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726739.265138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734271.863318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726739.265138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734271.863318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17414                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.839318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         156239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         8.027901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.775256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.765947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1660.930747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         355.367368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.811001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.173519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 32795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                5882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  32859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32858                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 32859                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17413                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43431701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13623531226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13666962927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43431701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13623531226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    13666962927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43431701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13623531226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   13666962927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             50208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            5882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              50272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             50272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1240905.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783952.769364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784871.241429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1240905.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783952.769364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784871.241429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1240905.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783952.769364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784871.241429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2350                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2350                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40358701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12097536566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12137895267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40358701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12097536566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12137895267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40358701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12097536566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12137895267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1153105.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696140.900334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697059.396256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1153105.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696140.900334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697059.396256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1153105.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696140.900334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697059.396256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20424907900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20424907900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134410643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134410643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559318543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20559318543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559318543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20559318543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224659.384040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224659.384040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64342.098133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64342.098133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221058.433433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221058.433433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221058.433433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221058.433433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8525960874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525960874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8541002064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8541002064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8541002064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8541002064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242386.947377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242386.947377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73015.485437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73015.485437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241400.810152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241400.810152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241400.810152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241400.810152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.608178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013332763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1915562.879017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.608178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10665082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10665082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10665082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10665082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10665082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10665082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82165554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82165554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82165554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82165554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82165554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82165554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10665147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10665147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10665147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10665147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10665147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10665147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1264085.446154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1264085.446154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1264085.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1264085.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1264085.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1264085.446154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56782680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56782680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56782680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56782680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56782680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56782680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455966.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455966.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455966.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455966.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455966.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455966.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178933931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2838.013783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.071108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.928892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7392707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7392707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6123804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6123804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13516511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13516511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13516511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13516511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       164307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       165143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       165143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72519148127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72519148127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    336706940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336706940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72855855067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72855855067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72855855067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72855855067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7557014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7557014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6124640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6124640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17727                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17727                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13681654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13681654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13681654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13681654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441363.716257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441363.716257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 402759.497608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 402759.497608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441168.290918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441168.290918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441168.290918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441168.290918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       101630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28452623172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28452623172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31226505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31226505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28483849677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28483849677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28483849677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28483849677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453956.366323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453956.366323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 266893.205128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266893.205128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453607.823630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453607.823630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453607.823630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453607.823630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.928146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008501549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1943162.907514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.928146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11589078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11589078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11589078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11589078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11589140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11589140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11589140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11589140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                38983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165358476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4214.135834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.522807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.477193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7980348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7980348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6719097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6719097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14699445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14699445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       124778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       125658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       125658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41730629202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41730629202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     74226105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74226105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41804855307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41804855307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41804855307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41804855307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8105126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8105126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6719977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6719977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14825103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14825103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14825103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14825103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334438.997275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334438.997275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84347.846591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84347.846591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332687.575061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332687.575061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332687.575061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332687.575061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        85944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11228166333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11228166333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9596511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9596511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11237762844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11237762844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11237762844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11237762844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289132.366818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289132.366818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64406.114094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64406.114094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288273.422877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288273.422877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288273.422877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288273.422877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              492.471678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011928360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2052593.022312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.471678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11920260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11920260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11920260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11920260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11920260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11920260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151766062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151766062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151766062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151766062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151766062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151766062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11920317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11920317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11920317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11920317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11920317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11920317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662562.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2662562.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662562.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2662562.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2662562.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2662562.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726667.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98011963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98011963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98011963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98011963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98011963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98011963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2579262.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2579262.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2579262.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2579262.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2579262.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2579262.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                35437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              163380800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                35693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4577.390525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.469478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.530522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9511887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9511887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7067036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16578923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16578923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16578923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16578923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        91156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        93259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        93259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        93259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        93259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20359424736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20359424736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    134936170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134936170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20494360906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20494360906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20494360906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20494360906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9603043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9603043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7069139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7069139                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16672182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16672182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16672182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16672182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223347.061477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223347.061477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64163.656681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64163.656681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219757.459398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219757.459398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219757.459398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219757.459398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  7065.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8502352278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8502352278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15041582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8517393860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8517393860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8517393860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8517393860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241331.562488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241331.562488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73017.388350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73017.388350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 240353.129780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240353.129780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 240353.129780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240353.129780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              577.497127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1038177026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1780749.615780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.248038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.249088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10461705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10461705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10461705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10461764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10461764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10461764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                71356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              443149697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                71612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              6188.204449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.899558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.100442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     27400428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27400428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       42399860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      42399860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       261670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       261670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128048115061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128048115061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128313524243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128313524243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128313524243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128313524243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     27661827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27661827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42661530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42661530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489856.943068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489856.943068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490363.909669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490363.909669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490363.909669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490363.909669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33792596374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33792596374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33857867882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33857867882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33857867882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33857867882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474015.940160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474015.940160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474492.234458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474492.234458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474492.234458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474492.234458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.928233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1008505720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1943170.944123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.928233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.068795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11593249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11593249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165363363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                39261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4211.898907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.520582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.479418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7982998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7982998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6721278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6721278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14704276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14704276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14704276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14704276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       124787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       125683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       125683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       125683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       125683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41869594901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41869594901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75582891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75582891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41945177792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41945177792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41945177792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41945177792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8107785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8107785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6722174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6722174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14829959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14829959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14829959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14829959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335528.499772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335528.499772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84355.905134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84355.905134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333737.878568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333737.878568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333737.878568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333737.878568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        85933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11203690899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11203690899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9724506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9724506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11213415405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11213415405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11213415405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11213415405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288353.603207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288353.603207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64400.701987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64400.701987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287486.614665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287486.614665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287486.614665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287486.614665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              578.631008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1038156354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1780714.157804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.508639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.122370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10441033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10441033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10441033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10441033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10441033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10441033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87489158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87489158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87489158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87489158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87489158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87489158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10441085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10441085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10441085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10441085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10441085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10441085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682483.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682483.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682483.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682483.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682483.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682483.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66764620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66764620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66764620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66764620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66764620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66764620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669115.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669115.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                71209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              443041498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                71465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              6199.419268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.900601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.099399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     27328620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27328620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14963074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14963074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     42291694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       42291694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     42291694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      42291694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       261263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       261263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128988869772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128988869772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    229689784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229689784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129218559556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129218559556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129218559556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129218559556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     27589620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27589620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14963337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14963337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     42552957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42552957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     42552957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42552957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494210.229011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494210.229011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873345.186312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873345.186312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494591.884637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494591.884637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494591.884637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494591.884637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294776                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294776                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           12298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       189857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       190054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       190054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34112514788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34112514788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59703743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59703743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34172218531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34172218531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34172218531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34172218531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479492.216915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479492.216915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 904602.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904602.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479886.229704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479886.229704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479886.229704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479886.229704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.869266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013358928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1908397.227872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.869266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10691247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10691247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10691247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10691247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10691247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10691247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79335425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79335425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79335425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79335425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79335425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79335425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10691312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10691312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10691312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10691312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10691312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10691312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1220545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1220545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1220545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1220545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1220545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1220545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52607317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52607317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52607317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52607317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52607317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52607317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1283105.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283105.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1283105.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283105.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1283105.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283105.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                63029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178960332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                63285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2827.847547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.072279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.927721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7407140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7407140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6135654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6135654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13542794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13542794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13542794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13542794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       164956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       165790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       165790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       165790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       165790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  72240551867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72240551867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    291328285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291328285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  72531880152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72531880152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  72531880152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72531880152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7572096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7572096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6136488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6136488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        14314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13708584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13708584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13708584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13708584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437938.310016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437938.310016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349314.490408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 349314.490408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437492.491417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437492.491417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437492.491417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437492.491417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       504437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 168145.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        63029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        63029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28323139287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28323139287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28067573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28067573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28351206860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28351206860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28351206860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28351206860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 450202.493753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450202.493753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239893.786325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239893.786325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449812.100144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449812.100144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449812.100144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449812.100144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.193369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009213034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1948287.710425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.193369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10993289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10993289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10993289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10993289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10993289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10993289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10993343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10993343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10993343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10993343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10993343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10993343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                50518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              170845946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                50774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3364.831331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.600600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.399400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7750789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7750789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6557285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6557285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16401                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16401                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15093                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15093                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14308074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14308074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14308074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14308074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       178316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       178316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  73229284994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73229284994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3147567167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3147567167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  76376852161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76376852161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  76376852161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76376852161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7923958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6562432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6562432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15093                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15093                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14486390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14486390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14486390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14486390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 422877.564656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422877.564656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 611534.324267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 611534.324267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428323.045386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428323.045386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428323.045386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428323.045386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48468456                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 550777.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           17950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       122799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17068616585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17068616585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15633914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15633914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17084250499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17084250499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17084250499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17084250499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338864.732678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338864.732678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105634.554054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105634.554054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338181.450156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338181.450156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338181.450156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338181.450156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.141556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1008477132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1935656.683301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    45.141556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.072342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11564661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11564661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11564661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11564661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11564661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11564661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11564731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11564731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11564731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11564731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11564731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11564731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       331837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 165918.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                38823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165320893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                39079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4230.427928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.517805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.482195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7961217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7961217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6700506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6700506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14661723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14661723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14661723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14661723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       124296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       125160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       125160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       125160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       125160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42629930770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42629930770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72871319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72871319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42702802089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42702802089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42702802089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42702802089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8085513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8085513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6701370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6701370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14786883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14786883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14786883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14786883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342971.059165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342971.059165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84341.804398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84341.804398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 341185.699017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341185.699017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 341185.699017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341185.699017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        85619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11441210395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11441210395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9432738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9432738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11450643133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11450643133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11450643133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11450643133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 295814.318458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295814.318458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64607.794521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64607.794521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 294944.829946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294944.829946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 294944.829946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294944.829946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.223980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013362242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1915618.604915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.223980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.059654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10694561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10694561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10694561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10694561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10694561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10694561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10694627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10694627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10694627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10694627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10694627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10694627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                63005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178965020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                63261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2828.994483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.070289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.929711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7411097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7411097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6136485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6136485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13547582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13547582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13547582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13547582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       164609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       165412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       165412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       165412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       165412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  72031654694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72031654694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    279209639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    279209639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  72310864333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72310864333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  72310864333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72310864333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7575706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7575706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6137288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6137288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13712994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13712994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13712994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13712994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437592.444484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437592.444484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 347708.143213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347708.143213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437156.097097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437156.097097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437156.097097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437156.097097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       101721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        63005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28222826528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28222826528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29101642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29101642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28251928170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28251928170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28251928170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28251928170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448779.203155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448779.203155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248731.982906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248731.982906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448407.716372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448407.716372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448407.716372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448407.716372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.480159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              927868616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1651011.772242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.460925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.019233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11141171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11141171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11141171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11141171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11141171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11141171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49766439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49766439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49766439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49766439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49766439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49766439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11141220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11141220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11141220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11141220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11141220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11141220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1015641.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1015641.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1015641.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1015641.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1015641.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1015641.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39268136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39268136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39268136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39268136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39268136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39268136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1121946.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121946.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1121946.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121946.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1121946.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121946.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                50158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              222228380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                50414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4408.068790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.710230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.289770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.791837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.208163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16379812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16379812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3155342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3155342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19535154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19535154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19535154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19535154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       177299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       177299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79920024527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79920024527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24170849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24170849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79944195376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79944195376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79944195376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79944195376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16556830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16556830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3155623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3155623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19712453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19712453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19712453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19712453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451479.649115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451479.649115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86017.256228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86017.256228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450900.430211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450900.430211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450900.430211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450900.430211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            5860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       126925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16174883792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16174883792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4219953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4219953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16179103745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16179103745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16179103745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16179103745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 322897.087258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322897.087258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64922.353846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64922.353846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 322562.776526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322562.776526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 322562.776526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322562.776526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.956326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1009202928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1948268.200772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.956326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10983183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10983183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10983183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10983183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10983183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10983183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100721566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100721566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100721566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100721566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100721566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100721566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10983233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10983233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10983233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10983233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10983233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10983233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2014431.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2014431.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2014431.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2014431.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2014431.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2014431.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68651231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68651231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68651231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68651231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68651231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68651231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1906978.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906978.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1906978.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906978.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1906978.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906978.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                50342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              170828109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                50598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3376.183031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.598066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.401934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7742873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7742873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6547402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6547402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14290275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14290275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14290275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14290275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       177702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       177702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       177702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       177702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73428515703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73428515703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3186771911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3186771911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  76615287614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76615287614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  76615287614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76615287614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7915511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7915511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6552466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6552466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16385                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16385                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14467977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14467977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14467977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14467977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 425332.288969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425332.288969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 629299.350513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629299.350513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431144.768286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431144.768286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431144.768286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431144.768286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42542774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 494683.418605                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       122441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        50197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        50342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        50342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17106518832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17106518832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12486555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12486555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17119005387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17119005387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17119005387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17119005387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340787.673208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340787.673208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86114.172414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86114.172414                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340054.137440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340054.137440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340054.137440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340054.137440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              578.616711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1038180086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1780754.864494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.538673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.078038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10464765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10464765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10464765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10464765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10464765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10464765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112288015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112288015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112288015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112288015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112288015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112288015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10464821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10464821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10464821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10464821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10464821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10464821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2005143.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2005143.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2005143.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2005143.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2005143.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2005143.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86729824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86729824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86729824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86729824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86729824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86729824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168245.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168245.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168245.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168245.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168245.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168245.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                71378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              443143143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                71634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              6186.212455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.897959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.102041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     27391224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27391224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15002079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15002079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     42393303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       42393303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     42393303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      42393303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       261765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       261765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128074730136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128074730136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    231890886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    231890886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128306621022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128306621022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128306621022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128306621022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     27652737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27652737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15002331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15002331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     42655068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42655068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     42655068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42655068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489745.175712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489745.175712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920201.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920201.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490159.574511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490159.574511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490159.574511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490159.574511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33752868815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33752868815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     65306981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65306981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33818175796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33818175796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33818175796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33818175796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473312.609589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473312.609589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 989499.712121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 989499.712121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473789.904396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473789.904396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473789.904396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473789.904396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              497.232291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011921379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2031970.640562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.232291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11913279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11913279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11913279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11913279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11913279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11913279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11913341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11913341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11913341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2278979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 759659.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163377601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4578.198761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.471375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.528625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9509190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9509190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7066457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16575647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16575647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        91104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        93195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        93195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20455550648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20455550648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134521994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134521994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20590072642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20590072642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20590072642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20590072642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9600294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7068548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16668842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16668842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 224529.665525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224529.665525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64333.808704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64333.808704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 220935.378958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220935.378958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 220935.378958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220935.378958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           19                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8536252549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8536252549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14954614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14954614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8551207163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8551207163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8551207163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8551207163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242335.061718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242335.061718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72949.336585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72949.336585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 241354.986255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241354.986255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 241354.986255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241354.986255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.214716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              927896602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648128.955595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.996426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.218290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11169157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11169157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11169157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11169157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11169157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11169157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55520131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55520131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55520131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55520131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55520131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55520131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11169205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11169205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11169205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11169205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11169205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11169205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1156669.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1156669.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1156669.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1156669.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1156669.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1156669.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43787797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43787797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43787797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43787797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43787797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43787797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1216327.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216327.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1216327.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216327.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1216327.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216327.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                50236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              222291000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                50492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4402.499406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.712588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    53.287412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.791846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.208154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16436436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16436436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3161320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3161320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19597756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19597756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19597756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19597756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       177367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       177640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       177640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       177640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       177640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  78644775235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78644775235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23396127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23396127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  78668171362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78668171362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  78668171362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78668171362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16613803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16613803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3161593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3161593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7420                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7420                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19775396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19775396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19775396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19775396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 443401.395045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443401.395045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85700.098901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85700.098901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442851.673959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442851.673959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442851.673959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442851.673959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            5882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15917869903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15917869903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4176036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4176036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15922045939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15922045939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15922045939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15922045939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317266.003010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317266.003010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65250.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65250.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316944.938669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316944.938669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316944.938669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316944.938669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
