
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108744                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108744326337                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621353529225                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1944982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67765280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55910.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16672286376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21424080931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4294016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1478912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2272384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3670016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2275072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3673216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4305408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1076608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2282368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1478656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1076992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2274688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3670528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2275456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39534208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8768384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8768384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        33636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                308861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           68503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                68503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39487265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13599900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20910700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20896575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33749034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20921294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33778461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39592024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9913308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9900360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20988387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13597546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9903891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20917763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33753743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20924825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               363551914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             716837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          80633025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               80633025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          80633025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39487265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13599900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20910700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20896575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33749034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20921294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33778461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39592024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9913308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9900360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20988387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        49437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13597546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        44729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9903891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20917763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33753743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20924825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              444184939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17567111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15851509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924391                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6624983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6298733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186560111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110375457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17567111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7268995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21843702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2900329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     25972366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10704833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236328911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214485209     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780701      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1596504      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         680970      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630531      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3238616      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         632705      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1304671      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9979004      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236328911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184659031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27885141                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21762845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1952236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129430561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1952236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184903324                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25884961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1154510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21615886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       817988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129357562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       414229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       266476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16578                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151854223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609221772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609221772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17131363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15394                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7960                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1875403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30539303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15447212                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129112625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124153945                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9931244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23736021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236328911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191717916     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13645604      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11022109      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4750433      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5940496      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5634535      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3204514      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255351      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       157953      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236328911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312520     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2386285     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69761      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77880874     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1081955      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29778578     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405106     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124153945                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476091                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2768566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487479547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139062539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123092743                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126922511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223840                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1191266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          464                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3239                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1952236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25256770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129128142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30539303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15447212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          140                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3239                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       542460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540864                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1083324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123290373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29679492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45082802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16154666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403310                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123095976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123092743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66497179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131245504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11625830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       944780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234376675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191591865     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15746934      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7337286      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7210839      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1993740      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8255746      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627232      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459000      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154033      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234376675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362364542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260236826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4009829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24448851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609528121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142942372                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154128411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20177326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16508382                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8300474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7940198                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2085221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194267502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112869523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20177326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10025419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23551520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5372894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10557443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11883894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231755397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208203877     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1093870      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1739363      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2362563      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2427294      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2055795      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1159239      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1714355      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10999041      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231755397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192271206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12570759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23508034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26833                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3378562                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3322570                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    138490178                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3378562                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192796109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1756060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9591767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23015976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1216920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    138442882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       179097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       522935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    193168108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    644071491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    644071491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    167518729                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25649379                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3596172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12949572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7024704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1723661                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        138284949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       131327683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15276204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36584935                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1222                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231755397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176151281     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22895232      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11576949      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8721466      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6859753      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2782006      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737095      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910377      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121238      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231755397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25469     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80218     36.86%     48.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111965     51.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110450206     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963216      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16465      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11895032      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7002764      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    131327683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.503600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494646427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153596125                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129373010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    131545335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2067141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3378562                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1462509                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118699                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138319520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12949572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1144002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2251175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129529723                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11194266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1797960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18196762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18403399                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7002496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            129373223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           129373010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74261098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200105389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97652472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120159855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18159681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1993228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228376835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179047711     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24466132     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9226442      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4403273      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3728963      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2128830      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845557      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841740      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2688187      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228376835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97652472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120159855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17805407                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10882431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17327110                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108262639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2474314                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2688187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          364007508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         280017689                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2941569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              29022365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97652472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120159855                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97652472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.670468                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.670468                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      582983031                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     180208326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128394572                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17913472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15996659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1428069                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12009836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11702281                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076141                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43326                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189364584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            101733577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17913472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12778422                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22689578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4681312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7638342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11457441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    222937732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      200248154     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3459487      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1745815      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3425721      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1098089      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3171457      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         499999      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         805599      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8483411      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    222937732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068692                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390116                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187515090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9531213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22644677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3228500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1689916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16729                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    113804740                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        31530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3228500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187724941                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6264197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2604798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22438759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       676533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    113637028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        88803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       520569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    148931540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    515022717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    515022717                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    120819949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28111588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1547821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     20505316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3327828                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       756229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        113053023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       105887868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20368780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41675878                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222937732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176505595     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14610804      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15571722      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8993481      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4651529      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1165519      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380606      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31978      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26498      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222937732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176837     57.07%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73122     23.60%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59910     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83030329     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       829862      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7538      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18720475     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3299664      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    105887868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309869                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435091540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133437404                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103202038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    106197737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4179651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76224                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5480058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113068430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20505316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3327828                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38202                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2198                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       966000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1513475                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104546256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18450655                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1341612                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21750177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15893462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3299522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.400902                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            103225886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           103202038                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        62451862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       136020029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82211390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     92558127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20514972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1419143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219709232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185248202     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13540446      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8694208      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2742140      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4542257      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888043      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561657      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514572      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2977707      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219709232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     82211390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     92558127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19577267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16325663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14200663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        80889156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1157648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2977707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329804325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         229377240                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4229132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              37840030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          82211390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            92558127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     82211390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.172039                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.172039                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      485966735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     134470323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     120872257                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17898239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15984069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1425806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11982256                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11692634                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1074287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189182691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            101649946                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17898239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12766921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22669243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4674792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7596629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11446081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1399234                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    222689550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      200020307     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3457410      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1742942      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3423310      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1095876      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3169532      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         499370      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         804445      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        8476358      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    222689550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      187331932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9490933                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22624199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        18222                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3224260                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1687327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        16727                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    113701116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        31718                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3224260                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      187541862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6202292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2625799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22417963                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       677370                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    113533056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        88584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       521602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    148787055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    514538928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    514538928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    120707778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28079227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1550348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     20493971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3323465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20911                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       755630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        112949593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       105790395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20345987                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41640520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222689550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176301807     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14591842      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15561249      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8987524      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4645034      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1164543      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1378813      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32150      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26588      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222689550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176874     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73033     23.59%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59703     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82948894     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828797      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7527      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18710242     17.69%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3294935      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    105790395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309610                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434648128                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133311149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103108740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    106100005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4176317                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3224260                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5416868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81976                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112964968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20493971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3323465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963693                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1511053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104452604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18441787                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21736556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15880079                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3294769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400543                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            103132754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           103108740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        62397510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       135869942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395389                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82145197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     92477116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20492489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1416866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219465290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185039762     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13522655      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8687186      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2739214      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4538692      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886586      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560837      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513137      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2977221      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219465290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     82145197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     92477116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19564705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            16317654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         14188803                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        80816458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1156033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2977221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          329457375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         229166040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4225221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              38088212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          82145197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            92477116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     82145197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.174595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.174595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      485545286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     134342734                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     120776994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        15168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18350142                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15007884                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1797077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7612484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7241576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1886415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178193331                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104135330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18350142                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9127991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21823823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5229831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      8077092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10961079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1808435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    211487263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      189663440     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1186324      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1869566      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2975357      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1232572      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1377425      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1468273      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         958495      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10755811      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    211487263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      176493848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9790088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21755751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        54999                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3392574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3007617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    127153689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2860                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3392574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      176766813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2008879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6968419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21542429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       808146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    127069930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        38720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       218092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       295290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        64624                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    176399425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    591118125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    591118125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150495184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25904201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        32850                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18297                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2360464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12111111                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6508491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126890220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32947                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       120091911                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16083340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35856124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211487263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160819103     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20359960      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11116363      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7576872      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7082694      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2034561      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1588483      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539686      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369541      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211487263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27833     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85441     38.54%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108433     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100605988     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1898348      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14550      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11098972      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6474053      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    120091911                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460514                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    452044943                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143007824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118159898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120313618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2178471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          361                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3392574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1255455                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109214                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126923297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12111111                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6508491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18290                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1049943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1025409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2075352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118379727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10437295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1712183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16909776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16661044                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6472481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.453949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            118160686                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           118159898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        69082800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       180485572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88401619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108356967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18566814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29344                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1835444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208094689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164107957     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21301552     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8293542      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4468362      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3344202      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1868888      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1154265      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1030961      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524960      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208094689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88401619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108356967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16246735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             9932640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15554351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        97637413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2201162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2524960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          332492925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         257240351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2891063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              49290499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88401619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108356967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88401619                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.949921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.949921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.338992                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.338992                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      533826886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163779657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118603561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17913694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15997426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12002506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11700155                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43311                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189358596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            101738451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17913694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12776612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22690051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4680949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7655949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11457283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    222949537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      200259486     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3460157      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1745280      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3425562      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1098066      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3170753      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         500404      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         805198      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8484631      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    222949537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187504930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9553057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22645186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        18174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3228186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1689369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16755                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    113808646                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        31702                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3228186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      187715018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6252080                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2637787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22438846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       677616                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    113641268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        88859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       521635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    148940572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    515042807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    515042807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    120829622                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28110930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        15266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1549073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     20506503                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3327966                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20777                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       755368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        113056779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       105892605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20364942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41675249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222949537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176515514     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14613410      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15570372      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8993519      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4651290      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1165201      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381445      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32229      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26557      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222949537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177089     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73118     23.58%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59822     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83033861     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830025      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7538      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18721520     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3299661      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    105892605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435113108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133437319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103207569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    106202634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4179718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76041                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5463505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113072179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20506503                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3327966                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2190                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       548193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1513174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104553255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18452909                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1339350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21752415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15894126                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3299506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.400929                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            103231547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           103207569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        62456173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       136023502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82217698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     92565468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20511345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15201                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1419038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219721351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185258579     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13540689      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8695721      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2741473      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4542168      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888226      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561465      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513914      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2979116      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219721351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     82217698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     92565468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19578707                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            16326782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         14201781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        80895653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1157775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2979116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          329818749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         229384360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4228813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              37828225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          82217698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            92565468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     82217698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.171796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.171796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      485999860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     134481825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     120877875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        15188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18301938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14968659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1789559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7597495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7223115                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882443                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79391                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177705311                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103853771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18301938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9105558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21765344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5204876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8195087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10928706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1800963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    211041493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      189276149     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1182034      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1864956      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2968079      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1229383      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1375059      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1465124      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         955350      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10725359      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    211041493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398246                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176009736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9903778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21697714                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        54954                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3375308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2999295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126812300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3375308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176281533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2039229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7054098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21485595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       805727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126729046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        33071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       218434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       294422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        64191                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175932174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    589528803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    589528803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150162852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25769310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2351967                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12077615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6492138                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1476268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126550590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119797584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15989538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35614516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3596                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211041493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160495449     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20312108      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11092138      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7554944      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7064778      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030048      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1585241      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538726      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368061      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211041493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27866     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84530     38.33%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108126     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100358573     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893901      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14518      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11072237      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6458355      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119797584                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459386                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            220522                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451008312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142574308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117873949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    120018106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2166935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          351                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       192000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7447                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3375308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1269161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126583603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12077615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6492138                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18250                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1338                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046687                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020618                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2067305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118092709                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10414037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16870808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16621925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6456771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117874728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117873949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68921553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       180045049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88206324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108117575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18466535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1827781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207666185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163777328     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21254860     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273436      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4459789      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335946      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1865264      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150606      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028912      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2520044      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207666185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88206324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108117575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16210818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9910680                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15519980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97421676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2196283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2520044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          331729666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256543738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2881380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              49736269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88206324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108117575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88206324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.956452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.956452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      532541996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163385791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118288971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17612351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15892565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6826898                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6311121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186865065                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            110655882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17612351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7281904                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21899081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2913090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     25928273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10721831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    236657846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      214758765     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         783108      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1605223      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         683503      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3638095      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3238354      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         629972      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1306187      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10014639      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    236657846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067538                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424330                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      184951738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     27853371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21817848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        70070                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1964813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1545194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129766222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2737                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1964813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      185197423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      25899799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1119072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21671225                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       805508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129691208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       409632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       265662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9590                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    152238314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    610764930                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    610764930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    135001190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       17237040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1871936                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     30604947                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15482304                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       749577                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        129441422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       124434510                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10034704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24022731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          564                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236657846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191970860     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13650820      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11036326      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4763127      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5962071      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5648130      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3211327      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256719      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158466      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236657846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313950     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2391330     86.16%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70085      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78057562     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085894      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7448      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29847698     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15435908     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    124434510                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2775365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488380976                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139494903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123363136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    127209875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       225031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1199222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          477                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10975                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1964813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      25278204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129457095                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30604947                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15482304                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       540998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       543654                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1084652                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123568204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29743970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           45178182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16188128                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15434212                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473845                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            123366421                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           123363136                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66637774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       131523763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100203669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117756119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11715336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       944979                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234693033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191828505     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15771919      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7348223      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7226509      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1999665      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8273154      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628672      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459323      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1157063      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234693033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100203669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117756119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             44781305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            29405716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15550568                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       104713343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1140654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1157063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          363007126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         260907969                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4014662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              24119916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100203669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117756119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100203669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.602477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.602477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      610861189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     143253069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     154494392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22634110                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18845457                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8631066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8281368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2436198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196919510                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            124159604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22634110                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10717566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25881057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5725519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17761319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12227945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    244214273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      218333216     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1586434      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2001636      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3186157      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1332920      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1716075      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2002688      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         917435      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13137712      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    244214273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      195763969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     19030168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25758038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3650083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3445117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    151778580                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3650083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      195961684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        630923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     17846986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25572332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       552258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    150843927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        79286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       385864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    210680283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    701476660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    701476660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    176327821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       34352412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1938115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14127732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7387212                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        147290455                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141317526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17848865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36329007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244214273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184337310     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27306739     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11167926      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6257609      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8475063      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613426      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567283      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380308      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108609      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244214273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974471     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132974     10.78%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125952     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119052336     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931940      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17486      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12950694      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7365070      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141317526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528226001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165176568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137640564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142550923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2667639                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          677                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        479961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147327035                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14127732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7387212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18954                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          677                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156468                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2375455                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138858147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12738321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20102728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19637442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7364407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532477                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            137641032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           137640564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        82467567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       221545577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102583645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    126406370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20921186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35272                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2073842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240564190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187062570     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27114952     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9844407      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4904388      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4486843      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1882764      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1865052      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887776      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2515438      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240564190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    102583645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    126406370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18742449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11460080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18321980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113807166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2610279                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2515438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          385375593                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         298305272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2985803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16563489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         102583645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           126406370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    102583645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.542099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.542099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      624799188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     192328899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     140365970                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35242                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22601421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18819092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2052329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8616419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8269170                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2432058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95191                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196634405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123979809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22601421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10701228                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25843064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5714994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18119970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12209536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    244245675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218402611     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1583903      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2000636      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3180144      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331085      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1712802      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1998609      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         914965      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13120920      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    244245675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475423                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195480613                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19389449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25720158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3643510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3439301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    151557567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3643510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195678633                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        630103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18207149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25534091                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       552182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    150623984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        79010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       385743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    210377233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    700457442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    700457442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    176084938                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34292295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18869                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1939212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14106405                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7376354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82631                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673584                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        147071009                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36466                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141105266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17814304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36264614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1242                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244245675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184453970     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27272140     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11149154      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6250975      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8461637      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2607875      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2562302      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1378818      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108804      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244245675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        972945     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132633     10.77%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125781     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118876974     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1928769      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17462      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12928198      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7353863      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141105266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527828970                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164922452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137438066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    142336625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2662056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103966                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3643510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147107481                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14106405                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7376354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52911                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1215475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2370882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138650880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12717717                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2454386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20070870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19608113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7353153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            137438548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           137438066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82348610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       221219890                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102442431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126232443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20875593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2069893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240602165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187172839     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27078205     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9830715      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4897723      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4481986      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1880249      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863238      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886658      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2510552      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240602165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102442431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126232443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18716737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11444349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18296781                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       113650577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2606696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2510552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385198934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         297859595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2981018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16532087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102442431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126232443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102442431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      623875282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     192049900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140162806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19190297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15737051                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878416                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7906417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7495802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969410                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183253291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            109125013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19190297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9465212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23998640                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5339166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     17257025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11289553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    227937095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      203938455     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2602658      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        3009694      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1653893      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1900776      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1046465      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         717157      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1857494      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11210503      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    227937095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.418460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      181755725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     18782465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23799570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       188759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3410573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3114797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17566                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133194252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        87724                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3410573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      182045711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5932988                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     12037377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23706660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       803783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133114171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       205048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       372063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    184988468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    619782802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    619782802                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    157983002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27005455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35029                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2157926                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12701597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6923262                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1537974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132902995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       125604646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16592959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38361983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4080                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227937095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175012938     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21287209      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435389      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7919042      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6921448      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538501      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858428      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552452      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411688      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227937095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32534     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114642     42.61%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121864     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105137803     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965336      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15384      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11612135      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6873988      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    125604646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.481654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479590644                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149532261                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123522139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    125873686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          726                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       150056                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7696                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3293                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3410573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5489314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132938221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12701597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6923262                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19608                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2144409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123755825                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10906923                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17779453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17314380                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6872530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474564                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            123523975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           123522139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73414035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       192275875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473668                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92772878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    113820079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19119361                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1889414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224526522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178025978     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21562339      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9038086      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5434643      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756237      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2430774      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258009      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012881      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007575      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224526522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     92772878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    113820079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17241310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10468104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16289251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       102613613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2315617                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2007575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          355457763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         269289530                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2806021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              32840667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          92772878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           113820079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     92772878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.810927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.810927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.355755                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.355755                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      558252561                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     171432068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124322362                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        30998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20185416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16515808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8279318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7936735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2082484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89403                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194268377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112904191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20185416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10019219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23553216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5382030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10626996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11885224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231836025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      208282809     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1091176      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1734831      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2361343      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2430919      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2057968      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1154526      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1715143      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11007310      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231836025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077405                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192269032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12643991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23509603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        27052                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3386344                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3323449                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    138543007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3386344                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192793759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1752721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      9667607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23017974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1217617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    138496757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       179200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       523407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    193233594                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    644313032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    644313032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    167480305                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25753283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3596521                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12960697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7024636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82553                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        138338889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       131343754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15348902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36778600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231836025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176266633     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22845415      9.85%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11566521      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8734901      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6871988      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2783431      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735503      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910595      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121038      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231836025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25206     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82043     37.41%     48.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112083     51.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110469214     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963279      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11892028      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7002772      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    131343754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.503662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            219332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494760807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153722660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129384823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    131563086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2080724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386344                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118757                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138373364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12960697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17750                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1112326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2254935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129541027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11191390                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18193883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18405390                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7002493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.496749                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            129385058                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           129384823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74270023                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       200162202                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97630153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    120132395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18240984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33207                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1994585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228449681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179161234     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24434895     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9225680      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4399999      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710548      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2123878      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861124      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       840767      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2691556      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228449681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97630153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    120132395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17801372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10879973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17323167                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       108237909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2473758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2691556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          364130828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         280133158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2943167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              28941737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97630153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           120132395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97630153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.671078                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.671078                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374381                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374381                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      583005621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     180222473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128427466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        33178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22601356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18820928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8744593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8272325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2433776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196797495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124013069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22601356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10706101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25852344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5717276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17914264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12220600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    244207019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      218354675     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1584009      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1999862      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3188567      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1336135      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1713101      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2001533      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         913268      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13115869      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    244207019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195643818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19180719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25729695                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3640748                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3436841                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          494                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    151569978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3640748                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      195841428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        629227                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18001060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25544264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       550285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    150637050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        79537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       383859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    210426338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    700532964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    700532964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    176169078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34257169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36811                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19339                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1931470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14092605                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7371848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147077673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141145800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139468                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17776002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36103906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1697                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244207019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184390199     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27294220     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11148763      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6248352      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8466658      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2606554      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2564541      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379506      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108226      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244207019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        972983     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130786     10.64%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125832     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118915910     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930062      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17471      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12932982      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7349375      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141145800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541249                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1229601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527867688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164891291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137475981                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    142375401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2642840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3640748                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        478872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147114620                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14092605                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7371848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19340                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1223578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2374060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138688217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12722205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2457583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20071030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19612807                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7348825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            137476339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           137475981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82370586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       221278469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102491348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126292558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20822610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2075058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240566271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187108536     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27091743     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9839164      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4900464      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4482772      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1882671      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861751      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887214      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2511956      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240566271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    102491348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126292558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18725593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11449757                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18305449                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       113704710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2607920                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2511956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          385168768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         297871164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2985620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16570743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         102491348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126292558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    102491348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.544388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.544388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      624059510                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     192119501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140195398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17917134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15998730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11997039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11702751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189395801                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            101753478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17917134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12779033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22692387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4680467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7583096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11459127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    222915792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      200223405     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3461066      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1744495      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3425963      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1098497      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3170967      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         499922      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         805350      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8486127      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    222915792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187542611                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9479714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22647394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        18316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3227753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1690941                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16755                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    113822056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        31796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3227753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187752468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6202606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2613549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22441441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       677971                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    113655814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        89165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       521553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    148953609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    515096113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    515096113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    120856153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28097440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7722                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1551756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     20510651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3329200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       751641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        113072850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       105906035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20360416                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41675950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222915792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176473254     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14620273      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15569523      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8993467      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4654970      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1164849      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380608      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32242      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26606      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222915792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176866     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73148     23.60%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59983     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83043791     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830255      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18723782     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300667      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    105906035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.406116                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435105933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133448854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103221732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    106216032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82750                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4180932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3227753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5417260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113088245                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20510651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3329200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2190                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964368                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       548301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1512669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104568346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18457367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21757863                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15898231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3300496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.400986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            103246076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           103221732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        62461680                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       136018172                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.395823                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82234825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     92585346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20507521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1418989                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219688039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185215251     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13545872      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8697087      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2743375      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4542846      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888847      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       562027      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514478      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2978256      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219688039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     82234825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     92585346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19582500                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            16329716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         14204764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        80913222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1158083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2978256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          329802351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         229416047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4230296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              37861970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          82234825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            92585346                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     82234825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.171135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.171135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      486065667                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     134496693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     120897025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18343119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15001783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1790289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7563367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7231173                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1885092                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177956644                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104115860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18343119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9116265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21813298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5218300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8172085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10944516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1801710                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    211330376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      189517078     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1184473      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1866977      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2972776      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1233482      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1373946      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1469238      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         957371      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10755035      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    211330376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070340                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176255674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9886477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21745465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        54852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3387905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3006873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127117288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2844                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3387905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176528427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1991893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7083751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21532512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       805885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    127034067                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        33868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       217881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       295326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63807                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    176353635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    590958367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    590958367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150429397                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25924207                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2358625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12098760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6508142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126854461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       120033734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151495                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16104678                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35963631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3530                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211330376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160697864     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20338394      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11107011      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7573868      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7081914      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2034459      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587646      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539873      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369347      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211330376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27858     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85062     38.43%     51.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108394     48.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100552529     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1899920      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14544      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11092869      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6473872      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    120033734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460291                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451770646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142993327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118109964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120255048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363900                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2170509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          345                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7465                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3387905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1265337                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109536                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126887449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12098760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6508142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2068708                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118329640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10432931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16905150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16653232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6472219                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            118110727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           118109964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        69055408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       180400963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88362893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108309440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18578497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29331                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1828566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207942471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163980234     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21290061     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8286050      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4468641      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3340264      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1866844      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153525      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029886      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2526966      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207942471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88362893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108309440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16239553                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9928248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14634                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15547539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97594545                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2200181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2526966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          332302857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         257164022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2885066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              49447386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88362893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108309440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88362893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.951213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.951213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      533597665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163710798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118580559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260777762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17919242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16001794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12010512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11705997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1075917                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189402647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            101761370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17919242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12781914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22695228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4680012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7591911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11459653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    222934046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      200238818     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3461112      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1745635      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3426872      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1098649      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3171682      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         500397      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         804780      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        8486101      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    222934046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187551977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9486124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22650212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        18319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3227410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1690701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16764                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    113830504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        31730                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3227410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      187761823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6200773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2622527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22444356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       677153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    113663595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        89057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       520839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    148967580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    515132122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    515132122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    120865896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28101658                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7722                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1549146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     20509497                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3328417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       756396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        113080166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       105915456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20360227                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41667081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222934046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176486074     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14617796      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15577536      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8996943      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4652329      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1163055      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381578      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32180      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26555      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222934046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177060     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73173     23.59%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59916     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83052073     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830329      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18725264     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300250      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    105915456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406152                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435143661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133455981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103231696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    106225605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4177303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        75617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3227410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5419359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113095560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20509497                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3328417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2187                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       965544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1513188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104577475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18457851                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1337978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21757924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15899523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3300073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            103255377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           103231696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        62467983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       136037604                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.395861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82243086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     92593607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20506537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1418859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219706636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185230706     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13547858      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8698432      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2741852      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4543745      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888587      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561819      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514596      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2979041      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219706636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     82243086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     92593607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19584987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            16332187                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         14206131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        80920130                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1158090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2979041                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          329827440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         229430238                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4228872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              37843716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          82243086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            92593607                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     82243086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.170817                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.170817                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      486110606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     134510798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     120905848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33592                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.929196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.573681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.679676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.963212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1837.682475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         204.603832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.897306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.099904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12516                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39423                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39424                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33547                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33592                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94170631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31978873091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32073043722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51365451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51365451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94170631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32030238542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32124409173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94170631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32030238542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32124409173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2092680.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954251.405198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955778.041005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1467584.314286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1467584.314286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2092680.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954786.971771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956311.299506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2092680.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954786.971771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956311.299506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5284                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5284                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90219631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29036057081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29126276712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     48292451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48292451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90219631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29084349532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29174569163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90219631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29084349532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29174569163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2004880.688889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866437.606857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867964.261168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1379784.314286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1379784.314286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2004880.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866973.187826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868497.534026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2004880.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866973.187826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868497.534026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        11601                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.454468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         187623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        13649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.746282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.972773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.099895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1509.841256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         505.540544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.737227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.246846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28180                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28182                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               11597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                11597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11555                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               11597                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9529135722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9612596696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9529135722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     9612596696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83460974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9529135722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    9612596696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             39630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              39779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             39779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824676.393077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828886.496163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824676.393077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828886.496163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1987166.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824676.393077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828886.496163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           11596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          11596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8513055308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8592828682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8513055308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8592828682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79773374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8513055308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8592828682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736805.894755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741016.616247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736805.894755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741016.616247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899366.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736805.894755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741016.616247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17800                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.844702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         150950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.605300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.256068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.926946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1665.549295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         350.112394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.813256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.170953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33837                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17799                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13988675067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14029840492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13988675067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14029840492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13988675067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14029840492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787428.937067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788237.569077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787428.937067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788237.569077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787428.937067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788237.569077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12428674670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466854895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12428674670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466854895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12428674670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466854895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699615.799043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700424.456149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699615.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700424.456149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699615.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700424.456149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        17788                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.838478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         150977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        19836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.611262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.776005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.678168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1666.303259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         349.081046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.813625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.170450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 33760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6124                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6124                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  33828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33827                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 33828                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               17787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                17787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               17787                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60590219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14059960770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14120550989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60590219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14059960770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    14120550989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60590219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14059960770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   14120550989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             51547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6124                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6124                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              51615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             51615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1782065.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791976.610714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793869.173497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1782065.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791976.610714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793869.173497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1782065.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791976.610714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793869.173497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2379                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           17787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          17787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57605019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12500830350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12558435369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57605019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12500830350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12558435369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57605019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12500830350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12558435369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1694265.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704153.120599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706045.728285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1694265.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704153.120599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706045.728285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1694265.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704153.120599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706045.728285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        28719                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.595574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         156609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        30767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.090162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.627177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.393262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1647.569270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         384.005864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.804477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.187503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 35747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  35838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35837                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 35838                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               28682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                28711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               28711                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59394664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26321511194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26380905858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24553471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24553471                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59394664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26346064665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    26405459329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59394664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26346064665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   26405459329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             64429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              64549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             64549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.444794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.444794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1522940.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918950.919736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919772.186668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 846671.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846671.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1522940.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918877.813372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919698.350075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1522940.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918877.813372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919698.350075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4318                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4318                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           28711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          28711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55970464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23806446772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23862417236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22007271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22007271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55970464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23828454043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23884424507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55970464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23828454043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23884424507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1435140.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831143.622246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831964.899100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758871.413793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758871.413793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1435140.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831070.523263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831891.069869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1435140.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831070.523263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831891.069869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17810                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.840372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         150932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        19858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.600564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.244290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.699254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1665.931619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         349.965209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.813443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.170881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33821                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33822                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17809                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13983388968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14054300776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13983388968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    14054300776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70911808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13983388968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   14054300776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             51565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              51631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             51631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786732.810172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789168.441574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786732.810172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789168.441574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026051.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 786732.810172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789168.441574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2377                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12422625603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12490464411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12422625603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12490464411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67838808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12422625603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12490464411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698921.210926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701356.865124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698921.210926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701356.865124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938251.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698921.210926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701356.865124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        28743                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.596129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         156447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        30791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.080933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.687769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.215170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1648.920489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         382.772701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.805137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.186901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 35600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35690                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35691                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               28707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                28735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28697                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               28735                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64971978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26770447467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26835419445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24262043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24262043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64971978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26794709510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    26859681488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64971978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26794709510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   26859681488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             64307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              64426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             64426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1709788.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933776.813527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934804.035427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866501.535714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866501.535714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1709788.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933711.172248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934737.480007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1709788.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933711.172248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934737.480007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           28735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          28735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61634546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24252530024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24314164570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21799509                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21799509                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61634546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24274329533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24335964079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61634546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24274329533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24335964079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.446085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1621961.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845949.632844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846976.854774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 778553.892857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778553.892857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1621961.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845883.874029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846910.181973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1621961.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845883.874029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846910.181973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        33677                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.928917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         198716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        35725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.562379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.794225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.867141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1839.194487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         203.073064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.898044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.099157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 39457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12520                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               12520                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  39490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39489                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 39490                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               33642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                33679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33638                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               33679                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91811639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31694563669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31786375308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47938841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     47938841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91811639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31742502510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    31834314149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91811639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31742502510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   31834314149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             73099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           12520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              73169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             73169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2239308.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 943262.512098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944842.022115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1295644.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1295644.351351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2239308.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 943650.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945227.416164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2239308.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 943650.113265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945227.416164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5292                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5292                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           33679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          33679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88210930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28744324685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28832535615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44690241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44690241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88210930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28789014926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28877225856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88210930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28789014926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28877225856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2151486.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 855460.393589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857039.879169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1207844.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1207844.351351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2151486.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 855847.997087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857425.275572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2151486.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 855847.997087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857425.275572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         8459                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.236605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         210147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        10507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        20.000666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.471318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1385.971379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         617.586211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.676744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.301556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 27531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8567                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  27742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27740                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 27742                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                8459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 8459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                8459                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6793956825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6903595778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6793956825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     6903595778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6793956825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    6903595778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             35990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8567                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              36201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             36201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 806691.620161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816124.338338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 806691.620161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816124.338338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 806691.620161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816124.338338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            8459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6054456667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6160846709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6054456667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6160846709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6054456667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6160846709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 718885.854548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728318.561177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 718885.854548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728318.561177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 718885.854548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728318.561177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8449                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.235728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         210090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.014290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.206963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.475601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1385.786029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         617.767135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.676653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.301644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27691                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27693                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8448                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6953145185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7064850312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6953145185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7064850312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6953145185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7064850312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              36141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             36141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826672.831411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836274.894886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826672.831411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836274.894886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826672.831411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836274.894886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6213581993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6322029191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6213581993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6322029191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6213581993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6322029191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738744.738200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748346.258404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738744.738200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748346.258404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738744.738200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748346.258404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17874                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.497209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         224398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        11.263829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.224666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.951584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1654.121146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         358.199812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.807676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.174902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33888                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33889                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17867                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14988464029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15059171082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14996002075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15066709128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14996002075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15066709128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841009.091516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843273.103483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841007.350962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843270.226003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 841007.350962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843270.226003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13423529564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13491075817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6746980                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746980                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13430276544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13497822797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13430276544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13497822797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753199.953092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755463.983481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 749664.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749664.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753198.168583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755461.062126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753198.168583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755461.062126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        11599                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.442685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         187613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        13647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        13.747564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.180953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1509.415702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         505.889150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.737019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.247016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 28024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  28176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28174                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 28176                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               11595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                11595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               11595                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89577005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9509524304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9599101309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89577005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9509524304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     9599101309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89577005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9509524304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    9599101309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             39619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              39771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             39771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2132785.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823121.639747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827865.572143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2132785.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823121.639747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827865.572143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2132785.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823121.639747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827865.572143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           11594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          11594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85887797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8493647979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8579535776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85887797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8493647979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8579535776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85887797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8493647979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8579535776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2044947.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735253.460786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739997.910643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2044947.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735253.460786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739997.910643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2044947.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735253.460786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739997.910643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8453                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.233239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         210068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.004571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.204825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.660824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1385.778109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         617.589482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.676649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.301557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 27469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  27680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27678                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 27680                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8452                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108911158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6866709767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6975620925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108911158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6866709767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     6975620925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108911158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6866709767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    6975620925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             35921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              36132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             36132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2866083.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816105.272997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825321.926763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2866083.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816105.272997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825321.926763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2866083.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 816105.272997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825321.926763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105574375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6127742418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6233316793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105574375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6127742418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6233316793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105574375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6127742418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6233316793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2778273.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728279.346090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737496.071107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2778273.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728279.346090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737496.071107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2778273.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728279.346090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737496.071107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17808                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.837610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         151015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.605510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.780133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.786516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1666.413392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         348.857569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.813678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.170341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 33785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33850                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33851                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17807                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13955925108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14013059855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13955925108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    14013059855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13955925108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   14013059855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             51592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              51658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             51658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785320.190648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786941.082439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785320.190648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786941.082439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 785320.190648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786941.082439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12395284736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12449258170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12395284736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12449258170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12395284736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12449258170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697500.688538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699121.590947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697500.688538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699121.590947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 697500.688538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699121.590947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        28724                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.595804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         156546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        30772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.087287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.698982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.386017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1650.169856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         381.340948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.805747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 35684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35774                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35775                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               28687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                28716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28676                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               28716                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56696507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26520133313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26576829820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23684541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23684541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56696507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26543817854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    26600514361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56696507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26543817854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   26600514361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             64371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              64491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             64491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1417412.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925756.041226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926441.587479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816708.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816708.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1417412.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925645.761403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926330.768944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1417412.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925645.761403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926330.768944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           28716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          28716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53183339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24004323884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24057507223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21138077                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21138077                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53183339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24025461961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24078645300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53183339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24025461961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24078645300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1329583.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837934.997871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838620.532750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 728899.206897                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728899.206897                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1329583.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837824.730123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838509.726285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1329583.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837824.730123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838509.726285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17813                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.834717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         150976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.601631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.773591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.762423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1665.573037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         349.725667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.813268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.170764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 33756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6127                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6127                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33823                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17812                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77491062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13953045839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14030536901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77491062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13953045839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    14030536901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77491062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13953045839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   14030536901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             51568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6127                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6127                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              51636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             51636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2214030.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784893.167520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787701.375533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2214030.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784893.167520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787701.375533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2214030.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784893.167520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787701.375533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2378                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74417882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12391980262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466398144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74417882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12391980262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466398144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74417882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12391980262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12466398144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2126225.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697079.386961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699887.611947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2126225.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697079.386961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699887.611947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2126225.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697079.386961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699887.611947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              582.053775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010712655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715980.738540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.663158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10704765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10704765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10704765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143668366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143668366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143668366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143668366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143668366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143668366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10704833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10704833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10704833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112770.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2112770.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112770.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2112770.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112770.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2112770.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94610201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94610201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94610201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94610201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94610201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94610201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2056743.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056743.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2056743.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056743.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2056743.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056743.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432112825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5901.084656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27998391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27998391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43328255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43328255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43328255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43328255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132216023346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132216023346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    207467433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207467433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132423490779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132423490779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132423490779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132423490779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28264775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28264775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43594926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43594926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496336.203924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496336.203924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722883.041812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722883.041812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496580.020996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496580.020996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496580.020996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496580.020996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34946859421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34946859421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54074011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54074011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35000933432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35000933432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35000933432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35000933432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479380.787668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479380.787668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772485.871429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772485.871429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479661.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479661.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479661.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479661.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.116904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              982334203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1892744.129094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    43.116904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.069098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11883841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11883841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11883841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11883841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11883841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11883841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96211754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11883894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11883894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11883894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11883894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11883894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11883894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1815316.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83951475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1907988.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              161720891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4043.932160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.859716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.140284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8184999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8184999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6890275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15075274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15075274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15075274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15075274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       127902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       127902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42893127200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42893127200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74058677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74058677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42967185877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42967185877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42967185877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42967185877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8312025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8312025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6891151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6891151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15203176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15203176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15203176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15203176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337672.029348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337672.029348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84541.868721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84541.868721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335938.342458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335938.342458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335938.342458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335938.342458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11451595440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11451595440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9633690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9633690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11461229130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11461229130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11461229130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11461229130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289283.975143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289283.975143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64655.637584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64655.637584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288441.654209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288441.654209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288441.654209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288441.654209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.490835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              899273242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1600130.323843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.458951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.031883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11457395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11457395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11457395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11457395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11457395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11457395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11457441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11457441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11457441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11457441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11457441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11457441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              217510749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4194.433712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.291019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.708981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16848360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16848360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3235986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3235986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20084346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20084346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20084346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20084346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  81073711469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81073711469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23339480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23339480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  81097050949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81097050949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  81097050949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81097050949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17030687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17030687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3236259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3236259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20266946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20266946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20266946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20266946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444661.029189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444661.029189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85492.600733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85492.600733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444124.046818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444124.046818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444124.046818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444124.046818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16350242648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16350242648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4083906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4083906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16354326554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16354326554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16354326554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16354326554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317246.355078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317246.355078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64823.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64823.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316938.170849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316938.170849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316938.170849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316938.170849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.842020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              899261883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1600110.112100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.810151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.031869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11446036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11446036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11446036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11446036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11446036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11446036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75338814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75338814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75338814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75338814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75338814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75338814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11446081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11446081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11446081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11446081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11446081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11446081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1674195.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1674195.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1674195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1674195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1674195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1674195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60962936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60962936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60962936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60962936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60962936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60962936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741798.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741798.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741798.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741798.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1741798.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741798.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                51580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              217498122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                51836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4195.889382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   200.284466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    55.715534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.782361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.217639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16840324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16840324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3231413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3231413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20071737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       20071737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20071737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      20071737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       182464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       182464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  81265258486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81265258486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27002254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27002254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  81292260740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81292260740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  81292260740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81292260740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17022475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17022475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3231726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3231726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20254201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20254201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20254201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20254201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446142.258269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446142.258269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86269.182109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86269.182109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445524.929520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445524.929520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445524.929520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445524.929520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16420603716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16420603716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4422037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4422037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16425025753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16425025753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16425025753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16425025753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318772.397034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318772.397034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65029.955882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65029.955882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318437.878112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318437.878112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318437.878112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318437.878112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              528.365504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              987064533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1862385.911321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.365504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10961018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10961018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10961018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10961018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10961018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10961018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94120220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94120220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94120220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94120220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94120220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94120220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10961079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10961079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10961079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10961079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10961079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10961079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1542954.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1542954.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1542954.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1542954.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1542954.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1542954.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59795256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59795256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59795256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59795256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59795256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59795256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1494881.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1494881.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1494881.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1494881.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1494881.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1494881.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                64509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              175216288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                64765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2705.416321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.286926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.713074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7588244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7588244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6283631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6283631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13871875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       13871875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13871875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      13871875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       168055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       168905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       168905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       168905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       168905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73528049437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73528049437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    318258700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318258700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73846308137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73846308137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73846308137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73846308137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7756299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7756299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6284481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6284481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14040780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14040780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14040780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14040780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437523.724001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437523.724001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       374422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       374422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437206.169959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437206.169959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437206.169959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437206.169959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       313885                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156942.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       104396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       104396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        64509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28906907517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28906907517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     30671399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30671399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28937578916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28937578916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28937578916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28937578916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 448941.706145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448941.706145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 255594.991667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255594.991667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 448582.041514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448582.041514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 448582.041514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448582.041514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.312413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              899273082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1597287.889876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.077210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.235203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11457235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11457235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11457235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11457235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11457235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11457235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91616120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91616120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11457283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11457283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11457283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11457283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11457283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11457283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1908669.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71271208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71271208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1979755.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                51595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              217512490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                51851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4194.952653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.278064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.721936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.782336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.217664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16849801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16849801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3236286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3236286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20086087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20086087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20086087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20086087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       182601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       182601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80828746579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80828746579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25427655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25427655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80854174234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80854174234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80854174234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80854174234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17032109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17032109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3236579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3236579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20268688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20268688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20268688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20268688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443363.684419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443363.684419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86783.805461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86783.805461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442791.519400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442791.519400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442791.519400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442791.519400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       131006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       131006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16343826452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16343826452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4307470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4307470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16348133922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16348133922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16348133922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16348133922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317177.248773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317177.248773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65264.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65264.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316855.003818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316855.003818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316855.003818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316855.003818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.017699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987032160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1865845.293006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.017699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10928645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10928645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10928645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107590867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107590867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107590867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107590867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107590867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107590867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10928706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10928706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10928706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10928706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10928706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10928706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763784.704918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1763784.704918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763784.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1763784.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1763784.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1763784.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65361463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65361463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65361463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65361463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65361463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65361463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675934.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675934.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675934.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675934.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1675934.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675934.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175183821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2710.019971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.291486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.708514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7569721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7569721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6269746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6269746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13839467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13839467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13839467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13839467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       167899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       168741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       168741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74241073685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74241073685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    318049893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318049893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74559123578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74559123578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74559123578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74559123578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7737620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7737620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6270588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6270588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14008208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14008208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14008208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14008208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 442176.985479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442176.985479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 377731.464371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 377731.464371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441855.409047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441855.409047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441855.409047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441855.409047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       171557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       171557                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29346694601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29346694601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30371278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30371278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29377065879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29377065879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29377065879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29377065879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 456629.965162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456629.965162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 255220.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255220.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 456257.720953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456257.720953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 456257.720953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456257.720953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              580.317893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1010729663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1727743.013675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.287678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.030215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10721773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10721773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10721773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10721773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10721773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10721773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131490234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131490234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131490234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131490234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131490234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131490234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10721830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10721830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10721830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10721830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10721830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10721830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2306846.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2306846.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2306846.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2306846.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2306846.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2306846.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92218172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92218172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92218172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92218172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195670.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2195670.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195670.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2195670.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2195670.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2195670.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                73125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              432202408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                73381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5889.840803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.883929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.116071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     28057593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28057593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15360107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15360107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43417700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       43417700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43417700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      43417700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       267795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       268064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       268064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       268064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       268064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131501964504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131501964504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    170734153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    170734153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131672698657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131672698657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131672698657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131672698657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     28325388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28325388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15360376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15360376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43685764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43685764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43685764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43685764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491054.592147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491054.592147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 634699.453532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634699.453532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491198.738574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491198.738574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491198.738574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491198.738574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           12520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       194738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       194937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       194937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34668029191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34668029191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     50495174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34718524365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34718524365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34718524365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34718524365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474533.982931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474533.982931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 721359.628571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721359.628571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474770.254010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474770.254010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474770.254010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474770.254010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.625816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              985811448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1995569.732794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.625816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12227887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12227887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12227887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12227887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12227887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12227887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12227941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12227941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12227941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12227941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12227941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12227941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354898.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              159779513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                36417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4387.497954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.414544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.585456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9754611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9754611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7244618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7244618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16999229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16999229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16999229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16999229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        95134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        95134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        95134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20739057751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20739057751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    137651596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137651596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20876709347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20876709347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20876709347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20876709347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9847596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9847596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7246767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7246767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17094363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17094363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17094363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17094363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223036.594623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223036.594623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64053.790600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64053.790600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219445.301858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219445.301858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219445.301858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219445.301858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2412.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        58972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8654528399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8654528399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15430786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15430786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8669959185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8669959185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8669959185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8669959185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240731.228589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240731.228589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73131.687204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73131.687204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239753.309690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239753.309690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 239753.309690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239753.309690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              493.625829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              985793040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1995532.469636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.625829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12209479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12209479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12209479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12209532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12209532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12209532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              159753677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                36358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4393.907173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.415891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.584109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9738817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9738817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7234685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7234685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16973502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16973502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16973502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16973502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        94949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        94949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        94949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        94949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21134223864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21134223864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    137725607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137725607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21271949471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21271949471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21271949471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21271949471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9831617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9831617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7236834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7236834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17068451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17068451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17068451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17068451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227739.481293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227739.481293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64088.230340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64088.230340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224035.529295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224035.529295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224035.529295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224035.529295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3629.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        56909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8810548878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8810548878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15412038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15412038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8825960916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8825960916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8825960916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8825960916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245480.729932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245480.729932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73042.834123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73042.834123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244472.907761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244472.907761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244472.907761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244472.907761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.213152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982968837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1893966.930636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.213152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11289496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11289496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11289496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11289496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11289496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11289496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11289553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11289553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11289553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11289553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11289553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11289553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167123335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3215.456181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.040264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.959736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7960874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6734479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6734479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14695353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14695353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14695353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14695353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73901123343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73901123343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3357654682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3357654682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77258778025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77258778025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77258778025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77258778025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8137500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8137500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6740035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6740035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14877535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14877535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14877535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14877535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418404.557330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418404.557330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 604329.496400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604329.496400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424074.705651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424074.705651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424074.705651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424074.705651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38004865                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 427020.955056                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17354758662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17354758662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17371772850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17371772850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17371772850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17371772850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336560.819587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336560.819587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335887.639939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335887.639939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335887.639939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335887.639939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.095029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982335533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1892746.691715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    43.095029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.069063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11885171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11885171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11885171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11885171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11885171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11885171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97061628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97061628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97061628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97061628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97061628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97061628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11885223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11885223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11885223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11885223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11885223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11885223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1866569.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1866569.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1866569.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1866569.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1866569.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1866569.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90067344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90067344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90067344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90067344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90067344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90067344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2046985.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046985.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2046985.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046985.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2046985.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046985.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                39727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              161716933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4044.642298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.853034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.146966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8182722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8182722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6888679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15071401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15071401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15071401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15071401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       127974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42720020263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42720020263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     75701493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75701493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42795721756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42795721756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42795721756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42795721756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8309796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8309796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6889579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6889579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17626                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17626                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15199375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15199375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15199375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15199375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336182.226600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336182.226600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84112.770000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84112.770000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 334409.503149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334409.503149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 334409.503149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334409.503149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11431323052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11431323052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9792344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9792344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11441115396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11441115396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11441115396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11441115396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288852.130183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288852.130183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64423.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64423.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 287993.440129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287993.440129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 287993.440129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287993.440129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              494.475219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              985804101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1991523.436364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.475219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12220540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12220540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12220540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12220540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12220540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12220540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161637311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161637311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161637311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161637311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161637311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161637311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12220596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12220596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12220596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12220596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12220596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12220596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886380.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2886380.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886380.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2886380.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886380.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2886380.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351776.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109360181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109360181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109360181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109360181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109360181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109360181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2734004.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2734004.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2734004.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2734004.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2734004.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2734004.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              159759511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4395.397447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.417413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.582587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9740736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9740736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7238114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7238114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16978850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16978850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16978850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16978850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        92920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20932866100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20932866100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137755795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137755795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21070621895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21070621895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21070621895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21070621895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9833656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9833656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7240263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7240263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17073919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17073919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17073919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17073919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225278.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225278.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64102.277804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64102.277804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221635.042916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221635.042916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221635.042916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221635.042916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11765.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8723264881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8723264881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15421931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15421931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8738686812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8738686812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8738686812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8738686812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243116.548619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243116.548619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73089.720379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73089.720379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242122.542724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242122.542724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242122.542724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242122.542724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              560.721847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              899274924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1594459.085106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.569701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.152146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11459077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11459077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11459077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11459077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11459077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11459077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11459127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11459127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11459127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11459127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11459127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11459127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                51621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              217518117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                51877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4192.958671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   200.291038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    55.708962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.782387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.217613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16854578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16854578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3237140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20091718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       20091718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20091718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      20091718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80898268469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80898268469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25383955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25383955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80923652424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80923652424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80923652424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80923652424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17036999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17036999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3237437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20274436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20274436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20274436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20274436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443470.151293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443470.151293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85467.861953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85467.861953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442888.234460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442888.234460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442888.234460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442888.234460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       130866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16318414696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16318414696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4271386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4271386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16322686082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16322686082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16322686082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16322686082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 316524.385530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316524.385530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64717.969697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64717.969697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 316202.438581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316202.438581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 316202.438581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316202.438581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.289099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987047971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1858847.403013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.289099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10944456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10944456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10944456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10944456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80440891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80440891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80440891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80440891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80440891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80440891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10944516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10944516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10944516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10944516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1340681.516667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1340681.516667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1340681.516667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1340681.516667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1340681.516667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1340681.516667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57094260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57094260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57094260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57094260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57094260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57094260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1392542.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392542.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1392542.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392542.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1392542.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392542.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175207703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2707.750487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.287529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.712471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7582540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7582540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6280841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6280841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18045                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18045                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13863381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13863381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13863381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13863381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       167693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       168556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       168556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73590909235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73590909235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    307158942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307158942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73898068177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73898068177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73898068177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73898068177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7750233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7750233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6281704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6281704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18045                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18045                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14031937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14031937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14031937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14031937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438843.059847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438843.059847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 355919.979143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 355919.979143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438418.496980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438418.496980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438418.496980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438418.496980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       334707                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 167353.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29101612273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29101612273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29802172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29802172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29131414445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29131414445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29131414445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29131414445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452380.106840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452380.106840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 248351.433333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248351.433333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452000.224127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452000.224127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452000.224127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452000.224127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              560.897172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              899275453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1597292.101243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.865310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.031861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.055874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11459606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11459606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11459606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11459606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11459606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11459606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104788850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104788850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104788850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104788850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104788850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104788850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11459653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11459653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11459653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11459653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11459653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11459653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2229550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2229550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2229550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2229550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2229550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2229550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77853665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77853665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77853665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77853665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77853665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77853665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2162601.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2162601.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2162601.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2162601.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2162601.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2162601.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                51600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              217519487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                51856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4194.683103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   200.289174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    55.710826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.782380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.217620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16855952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16855952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3237138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20093090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       20093090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     20093090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      20093090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       182705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       182705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80843827392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80843827392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27044373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27044373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80870871765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80870871765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  80870871765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80870871765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17038344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17038344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20275795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20275795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     20275795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20275795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 443242.178341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443242.178341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86403.747604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86403.747604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442630.862675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442630.862675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442630.862675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442630.862675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       131105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       131105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16313748492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16313748492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4410756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4410756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16318159248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16318159248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16318159248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16318159248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316575.108515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316575.108515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64864.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64864.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316243.396279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316243.396279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316243.396279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316243.396279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
