
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010626                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10626467295                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537728530203                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 429810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   545428                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 283809                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37442.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16093103109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20422118099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       243584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       237824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       141568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       173056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       401280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       139136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       244608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       172544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       397184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       242048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       233728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       134144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3795200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1371520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1371520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 29650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       385453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22922387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       397498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22380345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13322207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       469770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16285375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37762314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13069254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       337271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23078978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       457725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16441965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13093345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       373407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23018751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       433634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16237193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       433634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38087540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       457725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37376862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       445680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22777843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       397498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21994892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12623574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               357145973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       385453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       397498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       469770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       337271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       457725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       373407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       433634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       433634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       457725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       445680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       397498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6673149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         129066411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              129066411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         129066411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       385453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22922387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       397498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22380345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       421589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13322207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       469770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16285375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37762314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       421589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13069254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       337271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23078978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       457725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16441965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       409543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13093345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       373407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23018751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       433634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16237193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       433634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38087540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       457725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37376862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       445680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22777843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       397498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21994892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       409543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12623574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              486212384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2073947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19807778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11800661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2073947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1022110                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2594399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        585370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       649105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23428127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20833728     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280631      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         322663      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178352      0.76%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         208200      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112745      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77666      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201643      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1212499      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23428127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.463077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19646234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       814093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2573850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       374696                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336805                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14408322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       374696                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19676848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        234170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       494144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        84509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14398801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        39916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20003081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67054661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67054661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2977553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3799                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          229240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1378465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       166111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14374361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3807                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13565068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4267260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          465                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23428127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17714937     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2296205      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234449      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855102      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747990      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383283      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91564      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59876      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44721      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23428127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3347     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13177     44.05%     55.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13391     44.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11351059     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212223      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256609      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743519      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13565068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532315                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29915                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002205                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50607405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16215012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13335664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13594983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       374696                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        186362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378191                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1378465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13362247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178316                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1921591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1867938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13335947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13335664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7926641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20773802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381569                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109655                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206288                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23053431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18042203     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323190     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975118      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584126      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405280      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261170      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136745      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109353      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216246      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23053431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37215458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29131396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2055009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.548314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.548314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60275848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18505975                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13442596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25483128                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2072390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9047                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19816260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11782459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2072390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1022178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2592199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        583269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       638193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1222635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23421067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20828868     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         280017      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         326011      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         178040      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         207989      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         112976      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          77252      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         199541      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1210373      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23421067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19653876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       804008                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2571330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       372267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       335235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14379381                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11339                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       372267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19684943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        258944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       458019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2561073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14369873                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        40424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19969619                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     66915338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     66915338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17026265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2943354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          231692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       747256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       163923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14345118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13544792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1808571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23421067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17709467     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301957      9.83%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233555      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852111      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746262      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381158      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92067      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59768      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44722      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23421067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3370     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12691     43.12%     54.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13368     45.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337244     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211820      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1253068      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741002      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13544792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50558108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16157564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13317984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13574221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245330                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       372267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        211049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14348884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2071                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9912                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       234365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13342799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1917391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1866559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           740733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523593                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13318285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13317984                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7920301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20742325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12269209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2079899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       206607                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23048800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18036480     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324499     10.09%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974403      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584097      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405921      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261354      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136882      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109445      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215719      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23048800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10000426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12269209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1859350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1128780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1755839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11061310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       249622                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       215719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37182124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29070499                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                306358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2062061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10000426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12269209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10000426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.548204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.548204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392433                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392433                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60197201                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18485834                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13421972                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2311170                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1924592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843360                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248368                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9817                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20089674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12675344                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2311170                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1091728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2641492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        592623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       658481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1249849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23768072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21126580     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         161556      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203517      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         324897      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136639      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         175469      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         204104      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93332      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1341978      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23768072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090694                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19971088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       788657                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2628860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       378132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       351237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          293                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15494779                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       378132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19991836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       666677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2609429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        57076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15399020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21504565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71604609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71604609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17948876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3555683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3755                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          200861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       752803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       170175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15031470                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3771                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14406895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3787645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23768072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17666225     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2781282     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137643      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638066      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864832      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266315      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261907      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140632      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11170      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23768072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99593     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13604     10.79%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12870     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12136940     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196690      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321235      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750250      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14406895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52723138                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16888909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14027868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14532962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       378132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15035246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119676                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       244723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14153456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2049082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2000631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           750120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555405                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14027971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14027868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8404727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22581853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10442487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12867615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167682                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       213841                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23389940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17942759     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2760768     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003391      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498953      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455942      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191525      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190448      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90107      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256047      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23389940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10442487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12867615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1908171                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1166711                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1865180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11584984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       265714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       256047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38169112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30448748                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                307426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1715064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10442487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12867615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10442487                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.440332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.440332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63681841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19602270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14326204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2106069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9478                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20259714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11775259                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2106069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1043861                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2456598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        566764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       458515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1240961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23531847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21075249     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114909      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181542      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         245736      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         252838      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         214305      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         119659      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         178191      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1149418      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23531847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20054694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       665547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2452111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       346743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14445698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20110151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        136261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       403719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2400117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14439498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20149127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67169435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67169435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17441648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2707479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          377155                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       732029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8700                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       282025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14420242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13687224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1608055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3853458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23531847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17657175     75.04%     75.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2481136     10.54%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1238265      5.26%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879228      3.74%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697915      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288303      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182619      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94663      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12543      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23531847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2816     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8402     37.00%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11491     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11510866     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204134      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240930      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729579      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13687224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.537109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50930994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16031948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13478559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13709933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10962                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        107913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14423860                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       236448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13495865                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1167294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1896811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1917923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           729517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13478690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13478559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7738185                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20849552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10167966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12512080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1911784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       209438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23175089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17972599     77.55%     77.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612474     11.27%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       954391      4.12%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458112      1.98%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427857      1.85%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223356      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166772      0.72%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88576      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270952      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23175089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10167966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12512080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1854491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1133424                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1804440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11273168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       257713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       270952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37327923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29204502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1951289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10167966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12512080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10167966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399008                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399008                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60740594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18775342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13392933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1986288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       743482                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21037124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12498155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1986288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       816563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2469525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        335666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       475962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1209850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107012                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24208992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21739467     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          87310      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         180398      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          74943      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         409282      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         364667      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          70472      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         149056      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1133397      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24208992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20918046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       596655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2460478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7676                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       226132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       174586                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14657320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       226132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20940572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        419232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       109213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2446954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        66882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14648792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        24919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          345                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17213186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     68992333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     68992333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15224497                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1988677                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          868                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          173866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3451110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1743761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        85828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14617538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14038992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1154274                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2781839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24208992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19223907     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489428      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226889      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529384      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672567      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649504      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369785      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29088      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18440      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24208992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35527     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276820     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8026      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8813695     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122767      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3362151     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1739539     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14038992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52614917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15773890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13916887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14359365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11375                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       226132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        382580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14619271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3451110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1743761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       124801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13939196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3350382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5089757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1825458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1739375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13917410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13916887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7519417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14828354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11296708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13275636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1344966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       108773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23982860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19170149     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755459      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824177      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814233      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221552      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947287      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70782      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51979      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127242      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23982860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11296708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13275636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5045556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3313170                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1752929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11805607                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       127242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38476181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29467378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                462912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1274144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11296708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13275636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11296708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.255802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.255802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       68896631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16172686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17437638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2309112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923085                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9868                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20098083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12668104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2309112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1091214                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2639860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       660051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1249919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23775102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21135242     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         161421      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         203735      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         325511      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         136248      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         174308      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         203670      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          93255      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1341712      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23775102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19979813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       789882                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2627307                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       376821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       350684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15484849                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       376821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20000440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       668848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2607882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15389155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21492663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71561909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71561909                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17951688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3540945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          198580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1442858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       752647                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       165575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15022651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14401153                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15386                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3767773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23775102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17677004     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2778805     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1136112      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638435      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865006      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266170      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262186      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140243      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23775102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100091     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13504     10.68%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12894     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12132324     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196731      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320296      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750022      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14401153                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52719281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16870586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14024913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14527642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       376821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         48937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15026418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1442858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752647                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5456                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       244542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14149986                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2048416                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2000067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           749908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14025013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14024913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8401494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22575084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372158                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10444112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12869610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2156861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       213682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23398281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17953009     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2759136     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002155      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498073      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456831      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192615      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189920      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90310      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256232      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23398281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10444112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12869610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1908446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1166876                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1865470                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11586771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       265753                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       256232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38168442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30429793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                307625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1708034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10444112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12869610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10444112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.439952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.439952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63668686                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19598667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14318764                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1929290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727427                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1290463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112045                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20484265                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10974707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1929290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1385758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2446246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        509465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       302441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1239468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23587403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21141157     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         379630      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         183953      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         373128      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         113676      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         346825      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          52642      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86301      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         910091      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23587403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20222469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       569236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2441239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12234171                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20252190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        345292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       134952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2413914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        88557                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12215725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        71798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15963744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55297484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55297484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12903703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3060031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          187518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       347685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12151401                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11363546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4573304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23587403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18601124     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553750      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689099      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975181      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494285      2.10%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124085      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143544      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3454      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2881      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23587403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18597     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7591     23.42%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6226     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8886771     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86401      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045118     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344472      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11363546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32414                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46354288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14377432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11073007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11395960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        227304                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12153003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11221170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2016882                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2361312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1708673                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           344430                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.440337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11075761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11073007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6710309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14458918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.464095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8835504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9911898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2241574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23234911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19564509     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428120      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931328      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290146      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491224      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93007      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59174      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53515      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323888      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23234911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8835504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9911898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2120930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1782599                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1524219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8651111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       323888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35064469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24659712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                458961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1895733                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8835504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9911898                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8835504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.884175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.884175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52219397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14389619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13055088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2104765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20257372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11769003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2104765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1044127                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2456217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        567502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       456154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1241049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23527210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21070993     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         115116      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         182009      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         245727      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         252207      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         214174      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         120881      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         177972      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1148131      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23527210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461835                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20052304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       663226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2451704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       357201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       346203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14439076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1562                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       357201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20107738                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        136146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       401543                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2399723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       124857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14432808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        16905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        54464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20140359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67140550                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67140550                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17429365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2710990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          376699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       731213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       281868                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14413519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13679299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610940                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3862964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23527210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17656368     75.05%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2480535     10.54%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1236484      5.26%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       877509      3.73%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698098      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288668      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182037      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94773      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12738      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23527210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2834     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8414     37.03%     49.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11472     50.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11504035     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204159      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240596      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728795      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13679299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22720                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50910519                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16028095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13470647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13702019                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27903                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       357201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        107779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12242                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14417116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116674                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       236570                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13487861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166191                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1894918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1915965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           728727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529286                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13470775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13470647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7733219                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20840345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371070                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10160845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12503243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       209722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23170009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17971152     77.56%     77.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2610737     11.27%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       954113      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457038      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427883      1.85%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223067      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166790      0.72%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88273      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270956      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23170009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10160845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12503243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1853173                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1132624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1803146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11265219                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       257524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       270956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37316092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29191457                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1955926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10160845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12503243                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10160845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.507974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.507974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60705609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18764774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13385078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2309265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843522                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20091672                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12668181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2309265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1091772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2640300                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        590909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       669260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1249576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23778224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21137924     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         161467      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         203988      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         325477      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         135628      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         174498      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         203883      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          93880      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1341479      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23778224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19973090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       799475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2627638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       376706                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       351415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15486610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       376706                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19993871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       677973                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2608143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        56739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15390337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21491975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71565839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71565839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17950795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3541180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          199709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1444241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       753130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8345                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       170235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15025459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14402392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3775002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23778224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17676272     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2782617     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137477      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638192      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863722      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266625      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262154      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140012      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11153      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23778224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100026     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13592     10.75%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12868     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12132944     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196730      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320322      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750616      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14402392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126486                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52724960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16875180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14025677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14528878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       376706                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6253                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15029189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1444241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       244263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14150678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2048850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2000743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           750498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14025788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14025677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8402097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22575301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10443587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12868962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       213567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23401518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17954112     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2761156     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002994      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498352      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456642      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191701      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190203      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90393      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255965      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23401518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10443587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12868962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1908346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1166820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1865374                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11586194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       265741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       255965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38174732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30435235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                307325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1704912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10443587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12868962                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10443587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.440075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.440075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63668473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19597115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14319360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1930091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1292114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275204                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4550                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20487383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10976633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1930091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1387322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2446798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        508760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       299302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1239658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23587419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21140621     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         378804      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184180      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         373725      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114176      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         347399      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          52763      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86214      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         909537      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23587419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20222317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       569365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2441751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2010                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       351975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       177584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12236273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       351975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20252399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        345698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       133701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2414206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12217545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        72797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15966970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55302702                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55302702                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12909062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3057901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          188901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       347859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12152928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11366088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2221428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4570686                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23587419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18598520     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555427      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689735      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976797      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493147      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123689      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143817      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3431      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2856      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23587419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18580     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7623     23.51%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6224     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8887172     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86314      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047262     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344556      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11366088                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.446024                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46359388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14375983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11076074                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11398515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       351975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        225990                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12154526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59447                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       163113                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11224839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2018893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2363417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1709459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           344524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.440481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11078869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11076074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6711395                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14457114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.434643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.464228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9916443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2238576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       152835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23235444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19563254     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1429050      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932145      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289741      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491366      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92960      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59093      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53622      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324213      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23235444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8840049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9916443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2122303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1783967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1524970                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8654911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120471                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324213                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35066224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24662265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                459284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1895717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8840049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9916443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8840049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.882692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.882692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52236620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14394251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13058504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2103799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20264066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11761330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2103799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1043833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2455479                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        566019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       459040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1240925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23534762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21079283     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         114577      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         183240      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         246091      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         252637      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         214068      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         119150      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177056      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1148660      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23534762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20059795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       665314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2450839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2896                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       355916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       345376                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14430758                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       355916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20115177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        136130                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       403820                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14424570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        54329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20132077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67102161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67102161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17436318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2695759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1842                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          376822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       730547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       226557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14405364                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13675841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1597767                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3838195                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23534762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17704200     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2432256     10.33%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222072      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893103      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705107      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288237      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182537      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94703      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12547      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23534762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2800     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8413     37.03%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11507     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11501579     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240393      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728129      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13675841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22720                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50911152                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16006759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13467149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13698561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           56                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9688                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       355916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        108055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14408962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           56                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       236645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13484168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1894697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1916359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           728074                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13467275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13467149                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7733417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20833897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10164895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12508288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       209542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23178846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18011098     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2579381     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957875      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457438      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406714      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222714      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180364      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87863      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275399      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23178846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10164895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12508288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1853940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1133081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1803883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11269779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       257642                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       275399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37312338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29173865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1948374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10164895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12508288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10164895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60690589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18762470                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13377277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1985048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1790658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752521                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707432                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109579                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21041717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12491900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1985048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       817011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2468401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        333776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       478011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1209955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24212785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21744384     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          87619      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         180099      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75046      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         409231      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         364305      1.50%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71025      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148910      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1132166      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24212785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077897                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20923078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       598198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2459399                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       224406                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       174542                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14648011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       224406                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20945396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        420618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       109623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2446043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        66692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14639465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          438                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17200246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     68950655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     68950655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15227849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1972391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          172114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3450461                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1744392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        84665                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14608981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14040295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7507                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1140279                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2735168                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24212785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19227013     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490005      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227181      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529192      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672106      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649662      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370128      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29134      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18364      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24212785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35482     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276787     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8031      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8812859     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122718      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3363767     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1740111     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14040295                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022813                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52621182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15751346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13918552                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14360595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          368                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11276                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       224406                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        384114                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14610713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3450461                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1744392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          368                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61218                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13941000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3352187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5092122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1825526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1739935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13919081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13918552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7519044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14821902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546187                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11299911                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13279277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1332611                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23988379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19174808     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1754977      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824395      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814801      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221673      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948188      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70565      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51691      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127281      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23988379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11299911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13279277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5047738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3314627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1753367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11808810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       127281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38472947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29448218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1270351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11299911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13279277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11299911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68910781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16173857                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17433622                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1985872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791417                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106675                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707093                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21045269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12497351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1985872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       816519                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2469206                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        334989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       477235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1210176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107061                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24217410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21748204     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          87344      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         180331      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          75190      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         408784      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         364596      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          70826      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         149104      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1133031      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24217410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20926415                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       597675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2460115                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       225450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       174618                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14655179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       225450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20948930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        419888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       109223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2446718                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        67194                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14646978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        24928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          560                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17210887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     68984871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     68984871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15226981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1983894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          868                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          173501                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3451092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1744383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15773                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        86008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14616147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14042152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7434                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1148634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2761310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24217410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19230804     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490466      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226816      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529730      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672387      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649774      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370009      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29000      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18424      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24217410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35492     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276904     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8022      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8815292     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122736      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3363202     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1740082     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14042152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.551037                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320418                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52629566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15766864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13919703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14362570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25290                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       225450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        383159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14617876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3451092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1744383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       124787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13942117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3351595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            5091503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1825793                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1739908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13920198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13919703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7520907                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14827400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546232                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11299084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13278336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1340757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       108771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23991960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19178400     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755703      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824553      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813974      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221674      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947617      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70818      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51852      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127369      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23991960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11299084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13278336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              5047176                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3314250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1753253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11807983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38483645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29463679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                463235                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1265726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11299084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13278336                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11299084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.255328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.255328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       68912389                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16176048                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17438459                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2070529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205539                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810193                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19815597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11773591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2070529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1022206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2590598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        582071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       650193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1222480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204006                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23429639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20839041     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         278909      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         326221      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         178396      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         208747      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         113023      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          76598      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         199552      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1209152      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23429639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19654481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       814808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2570148                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       371084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       334575                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14369072                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       371084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19685084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        255017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       474151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2559889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        84408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14359093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19957609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66867888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66867888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17027112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2930495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          229660                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373145                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       746505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       163981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14335102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13539501                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1799879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4176806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23429639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17720185     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300985      9.82%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233405      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852126      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745194      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381389      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91528      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60177      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44650      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23429639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3358     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12704     43.24%     54.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13317     45.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11332849     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211865      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252712      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740417      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13539501                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29379                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50555630                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16138944                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13314041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13568880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       371084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        206940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14338946                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373145                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       746505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9942                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       234358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13338313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1916930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1865845                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           740176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13314324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13314041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7919406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20734018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12269825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       206560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23058555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18045526     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324815     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974611      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584488      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405978      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261390      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136631      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109252      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215864      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23058555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10000917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12269825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1859444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1128844                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1755940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11061861                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       249637                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       215864                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37181725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29049300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2053497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10000917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12269825                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10000917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.548080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.548080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60180579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18480960                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13413146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2078494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704323                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855519                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19822117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11818334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2078494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1022578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2597751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        586519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       634310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1223087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23432189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20834438     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         281058      1.20%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         323341      1.38%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         177887      0.76%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         208933      0.89%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         113048      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          76871      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         201289      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1215324      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23432189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.463771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19661205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       798742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2576740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19637                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       375859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       337177                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14427958                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11382                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       375859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19692171                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        257856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       454476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2566604                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        85217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14417542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20026673                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67136144                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67136144                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17040149                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2986524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3826                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          231791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       750215                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       165905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14393148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3831                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13577082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4294593                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          484                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23432189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17714059     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298113      9.81%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1236120      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854728      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       749000      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383701      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91868      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59968      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44632      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23432189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3403     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13152     43.84%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13448     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11361703     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212326      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257567      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743826      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13577082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30003                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50635747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16242026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13347608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13607085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       375859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        208666                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14396995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750215                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       234151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13374404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1923483                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1870264                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           743571                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13347900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13347608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7933146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20790946                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12279269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2117880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3347                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23056330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18040376     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2325651     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975938      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584338      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406197      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261083      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137074      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109303      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216370      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23056330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10008653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12279269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1860910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1129715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11070403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       249831                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       216370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37237044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29170171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2050947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10008653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12279269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10008653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.546110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.546110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60330014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18521202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13461758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25483136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2312785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         844137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248405                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20101976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12687011                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2312785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1092542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2643821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        590673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       661178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1249998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23784095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21140274     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         161909      0.68%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         203633      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         325155      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136517      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         175207      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         204209      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          94082      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1343109      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23784095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497859                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19983190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       791621                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2631128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       376835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       352004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15508607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       376835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20003975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         65086                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       669355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2611616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        57221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15412172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21521153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71665583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71665583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17973513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3547640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          200676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       754302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       170244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15045578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3738                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14422470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3778087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23784095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17676057     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2783262     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140131      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637814      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865561      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267103      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262593      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140405      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11169      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23784095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99702     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13695     10.84%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12890     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12149533     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197078      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322366      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751711      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14422470                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126287                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52770547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16898347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14044679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14548757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10789                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277696                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       376835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6334                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15049321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       243986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14170321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300538                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2052143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2003537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           751605                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.556067                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14044772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14044679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8414529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22605442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.551136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10456778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12885205                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2164184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       213206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23407260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17952988     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2764550     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003899      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500007      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456735      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191864      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190364      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90432      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256421      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23407260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10456778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12885205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1910747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1168287                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1867705                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11600830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       266074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       256421                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38200150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30475626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                307081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1699041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10456778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12885205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10456778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.436997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.436997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63755385                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19623064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14340498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          29656                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.074354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1652122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          26.466983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           312.958202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.978372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   861.084696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.277807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   839.772705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.627317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   488.322471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.193343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   584.706729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.280683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1382.424589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.695408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   479.515866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.803960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   823.100587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.589740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   591.684659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.416669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   472.167855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.911420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   833.605038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.232414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   583.132884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.552454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1408.154862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.264174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1374.298661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.063712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   843.698723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.309325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   826.294291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.438966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   457.422926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1283.071487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1283.950799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           870.956042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1027.428843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1481.683882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           876.424645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1482.508270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1038.738421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           868.408490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1491.836527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1043.207218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1445.027243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1500.308441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1281.804924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1342.664797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           914.072813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.014902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.042188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.014634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.025119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.042973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.025748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.013959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.039156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.039183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.026579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.045217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.026746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.045243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.031700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.026502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.045527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.031836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.044099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.045786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.039118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.027895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   56625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  29650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 29650                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    287726757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4990774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281415319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5459568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167859992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5952871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204247081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    477289018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163875283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4219032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    288780769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    205204503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5359964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166587298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4586643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287938669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5637960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203032378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5593913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480626637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5939338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    471653788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5568526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284786553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5013086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275266840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160273265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4491504495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       282854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       302749                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       306054                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       165025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       274161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       271411                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1602254                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    288009611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4990774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281718068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5459568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167859992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5952871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204247081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    477595072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163875283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4219032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    288780769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    205204503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5359964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166587298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4586643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287938669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5637960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203032378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5593913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480791662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5939338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    471653788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5568526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    285060714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5013086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275538251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160273265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4493106749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    288009611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4990774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281718068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5459568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167859992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5952871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    204247081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5432535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    477595072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5275386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163875283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4219032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    288780769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5862632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    205204503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5359964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166587298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4586643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287938669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5637960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203032378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5593913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    480791662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5939338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    471653788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5568526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    285060714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5013086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    275538251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5114813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160273265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4493106749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               86264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.328315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.343585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.049550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.325683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.379990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.276663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.342830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.325683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.379990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.276663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.342830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154165.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151355.474487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151235.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151624.633082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155987.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151772.144665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152637.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151070.326183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155215.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152342.488988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151037.127189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150679.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.651879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150332.969231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153254.183993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147956.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150674.342752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       156610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150617.491098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155386.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152048.920278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156298.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151999.287141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150500.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150760.483325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150913.837719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152932.504771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151540.352070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       141427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151374.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       153027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       165025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137080.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 135705.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145659.454545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154165.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151345.039937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151235.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151624.363832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155987.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151772.144665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152637.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151070.326183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155215.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152342.925678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151037.127189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150679.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.651879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150332.969231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153254.183993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147956.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150674.342752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       156610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150617.491098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155386.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152053.024035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156298.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151999.287141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150500.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150746.014807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150897.180175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152932.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151538.170287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154165.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151345.039937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151235.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151624.363832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155987.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151772.144665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152637.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151070.326183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155215.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152342.925678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150725.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151037.127189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150679.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.651879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154279.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150332.969231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153254.183993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147956.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150674.342752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       156610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150617.491098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155386.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152053.024035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156298.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151999.287141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150500.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150746.014807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151911.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150897.180175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150435.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152932.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151538.170287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             29650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            29650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3072776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    177009008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3069970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173324219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3425471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103463409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3685458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125507534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3396398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294935686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100698525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2587876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177155345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125709810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3384508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103295238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2779078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176622022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3545875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    124528533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3496763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    296601815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3731984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291028594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3414789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174752826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3089198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169029835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99258679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2765631407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       166565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       186481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       190265                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       107210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       156995                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       154368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       961884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3072776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    177175573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3069970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173510700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3425471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103463409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3685458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125507534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3396398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    295125951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100698525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2587876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177155345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125709810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3384508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103295238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2779078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176622022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3545875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    124528533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3496763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    296709025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3731984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291028594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3414789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174909821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3089198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169184203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99258679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2766593291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3072776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    177175573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3069970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173510700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3425471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103463409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3685458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125507534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3396398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    295125951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3239324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100698525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2587876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177155345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3655238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125709810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3384508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103295238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2779078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176622022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3545875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    124528533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3496763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    296709025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3731984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291028594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3414789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    174909821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3089198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169184203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3135623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99258679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2766593291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.328315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.288942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.277689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.343585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.325683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.379990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.276663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.342830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.335035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.327516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.329631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.287642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.325683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.379990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.320351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.276663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96024.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93113.628617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93029.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93385.893858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97870.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93547.386076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94498.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92831.016272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97039.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94138.425152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92809.700461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92424.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92461.036013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92095.098901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99544.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95027.817847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89647.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92423.873365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98496.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92380.217359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97132.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93831.640304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98210.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93789.427651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92291.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92510.760191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93612.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92669.865680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.479962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93310.550525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83282.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93240.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95132.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       107210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78497.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        77184                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96024.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93103.296374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93029.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93385.737352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97870.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93547.386076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94498.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92831.016272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97039.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94139.059330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92809.700461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92424.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92461.036013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92095.098901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99544.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95027.817847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89647.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92423.873365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98496.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92380.217359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97132.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93835.871284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98210.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93789.427651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92291.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92495.939186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93612.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92652.904162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.479962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93308.374064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96024.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93103.296374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93029.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93385.737352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97870.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93547.386076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94498.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92831.016272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97039.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94139.059330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92552.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92809.700461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92424.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92461.036013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96190.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92095.098901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99544.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95027.817847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89647.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92423.873365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98496.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92380.217359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97132.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93835.871284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98210.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93789.427651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92291.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92495.939186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93612.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92652.904162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92224.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.479962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93308.374064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              510.112478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1944137.242718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.112478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6782579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6782579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6782579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6782579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6782579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6782579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161489.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161489.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161489.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161489.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161489.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161489.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165735.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165735.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165735.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165735.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165735.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165735.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26680.447271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.284188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.715812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2402187088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2402187088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55109133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55109133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2457296221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2457296221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2457296221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2457296221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123817.694346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123817.694346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121118.973626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121118.973626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123755.853193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123755.853193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123755.853193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123755.853193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    561793062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561793062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1295237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    563088299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563088299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    563088299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    563088299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99204.143034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99204.143034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76190.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99135.263908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99135.263908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99135.263908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99135.263908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.435924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001230685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1940369.544574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.435924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.045570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1222593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1222593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1222593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6785563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6785563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6785563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6785563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6785563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6785563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1222635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161561.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161561.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161561.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161561.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161561.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161561.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5609873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5609873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5609873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5609873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5609873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5609873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164996.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164996.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164996.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164996.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164996.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164996.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              158373134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26711.609715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   225.270855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    30.729145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.879964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.120036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       858965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       726531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1585496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1585496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2410239310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2410239310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52073567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52073567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2462312877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2462312877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2462312877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2462312877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       878384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       726981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1605365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1605365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124117.581235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124117.581235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115719.037778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115719.037778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123927.368111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123927.368111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123927.368111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123927.368111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        87435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        87435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    558110718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558110718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1283049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1283049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    559393767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559393767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    559393767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559393767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98675.869519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98675.869519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75473.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75473.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98606.340032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98606.340032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98606.340032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98606.340032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              487.411207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003038760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2038696.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.411207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1249802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1249802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8156255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8156255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8156255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8156255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8156255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8156255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173537.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173537.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173537.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173537.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173537.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173537.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6596315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6596315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6596315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178278.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178278.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178278.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178278.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148773169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36679.775394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.929578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.070422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.859100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.140900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       994713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       737760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1732473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1732473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1732473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1732473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1009341164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009341164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6469185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6469185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1015810349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1015810349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1015810349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1015810349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1004414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       737830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1742244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1742244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1742244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1742244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104045.063808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104045.063808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92416.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92416.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103961.759185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103961.759185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103961.759185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103961.759185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12815                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12815                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    360990612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360990612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1231264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1231264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    362221876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362221876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    362221876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362221876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95374.005812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95374.005812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82084.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82084.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95321.546316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95321.546316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95321.546316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95321.546316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              508.452486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999936746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1937861.910853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.452486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1240911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1240911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8828809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8828809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8828809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8828809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8828809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8828809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176576.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176576.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176576.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176576.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176576.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176576.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7260303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7260303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7260303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177080.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177080.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177080.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177080.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177080.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177080.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152470802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34715.574226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.256383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.743617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       853972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       717641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1571613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1571613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1550180244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1550180244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8932053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8932053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1559112297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1559112297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1559112297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1559112297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       867229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       717749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1584978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1584978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116932.959493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116932.959493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82704.194444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82704.194444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116656.363412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116656.363412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116656.363412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116656.363412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    404002819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404002819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1273858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1273858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    405276677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405276677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    405276677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405276677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98106.561195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98106.561195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70769.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70769.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97987.591151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97987.591151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97987.591151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97987.591151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              571.049905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1030792583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1780298.070812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.307929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.741976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.046968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1209802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1209802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8703851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8703851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8703851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8703851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8703851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8703851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181330.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181330.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181330.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181330.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181330.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181330.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6951071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6951071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6951071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6951071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6951071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6951071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 193085.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193085.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 193085.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193085.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 193085.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193085.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406438284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48322.230888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.089656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.910344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3161709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3161709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1730638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1730638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4892347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4892347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4892347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4892347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3318536521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3318536521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2997566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2997566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3321534087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3321534087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3321534087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3321534087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3190460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3190460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1730667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4921127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4921127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4921127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4921127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115423.342527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115423.342527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103364.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103364.344828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115411.191348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115411.191348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115411.191348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115411.191348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    864061385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864061385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       847274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       847274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    864908659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864908659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    864908659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864908659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106071.861650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106071.861650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94141.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94141.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106058.695156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106058.695156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106058.695156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106058.695156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.692779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1003038828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2038696.804878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.692779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1249870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1249870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8618016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8618016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175877.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6747482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6747482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182364.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148772903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36724.982227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.928962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.071038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.859098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.140902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       994348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       737869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1732217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1732217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1732217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1732217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    999044974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    999044974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5847173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5847173                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1004892147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1004892147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1004892147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004892147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1003991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1003991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       737940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1741931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1741931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1741931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1741931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103603.129109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103603.129109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82354.549296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82354.549296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103447.822421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103447.822421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103447.822421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103447.822421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    357924526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357924526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1132431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1132431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    359056957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359056957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    359056957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359056957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94689.028042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94689.028042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75495.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75495.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94613.163900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94613.163900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94613.163900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94613.163900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.696241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919936614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1654562.255396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.365440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1239431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1239431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5434097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5434097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5434097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5434097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5434097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5434097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146867.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146867.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146867.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146867.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146867.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146867.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4600046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4600046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4600046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4600046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158622.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158622.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158622.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158622.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158622.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158622.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5564                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205256392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35267.421306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   192.148537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    63.851463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.750580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.249420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1848548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2185255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2071996330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2071996330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2544541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2544541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2074540871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2074540871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2074540871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2074540871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1867889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1867889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2204626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107129.741482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107129.741482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84818.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84818.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107095.187187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107095.187187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107095.187187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107095.187187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    554479929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554479929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       415428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       415428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    554895357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554895357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    554895357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554895357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99762.491724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99762.491724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        69238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99729.575306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99729.575306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99729.575306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99729.575306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.758072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999936837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1937862.087209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.758072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1241002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1241002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8423065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8423065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179214.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7165489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7165489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174768.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4141                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152469323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34675.761428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.272291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.727709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.872157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.127843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       853025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       717127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1570152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1570152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1558245290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1558245290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8954555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8954555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1567199845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1567199845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1567199845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1567199845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       866260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       717232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1583492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1583492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117736.704949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117736.704949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85281.476190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85281.476190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117481.247751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117481.247751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117481.247751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117481.247751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    405396814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405396814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1223046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1223046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    406619860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406619860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    406619860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406619860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98325.688576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98325.688576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        67947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98193.639218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98193.639218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98193.639218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98193.639218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.448069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003038489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2042848.246436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.448069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1249531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1249531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7994038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7994038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7994038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7994038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7994038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7994038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177645.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177645.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177645.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6409544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6409544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6409544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6409544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178042.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178042.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178042.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178042.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178042.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178042.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148772872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36870.600248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   219.852086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    36.147914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.858797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.141203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       994396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       737827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1732223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1732223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1732223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1732223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1002383353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002383353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6588764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6588764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008972117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008972117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1008972117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008972117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1004029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       737897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1741926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1741926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1741926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1741926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104057.235856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104057.235856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94125.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94125.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103985.583531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103985.583531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103985.583531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103985.583531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    359629992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359629992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1397754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1397754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361027746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361027746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361027746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361027746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95595.425837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95595.425837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82220.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82220.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95535.259592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95535.259592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95535.259592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95535.259592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.029347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919936802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645683.008945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.369009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.660338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1239619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1239619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1239619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6033384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6033384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6033384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6033384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6033384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6033384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1239658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154702.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154702.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154702.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154702.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154702.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154702.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5058090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5058090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5058090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5058090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158065.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158065.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158065.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158065.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158065.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158065.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205258451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35219.363590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.508127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    63.491873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.751985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.248015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1850606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       336713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2187319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2187319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2069727332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2069727332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2668260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2668260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2072395592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2072395592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2072395592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2072395592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1869931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       336743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2206674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2206674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2206674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2206674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107101.026235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107101.026235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        88942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        88942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107072.879979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107072.879979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107072.879979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107072.879979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    554416256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554416256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       400027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       400027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    554816283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554816283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    554816283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554816283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99607.663672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99607.663672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66671.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66671.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99572.197236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99572.197236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99572.197236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99572.197236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              508.935039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999936717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1945402.173152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.935039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1240882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1240882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7998074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7998074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7998074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7998074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7998074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7998074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 186001.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186001.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 186001.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186001.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 186001.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186001.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6835611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6835611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6835611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6835611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6835611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6835611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175272.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175272.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175272.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175272.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175272.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175272.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152470316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34691.767008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.262155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.737845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.872118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.127882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       853704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       717441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1571145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1571145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1548750743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1548750743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8581650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8581650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1557332393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1557332393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1557332393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1557332393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       866904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       717541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1816                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1584445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1584445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117329.601742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117329.601742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85816.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85816.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117092.661128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117092.661128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117092.661128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117092.661128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    404325648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404325648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1266119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1266119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    405591767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405591767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    405591767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405591767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98113.479253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98113.479253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70339.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70339.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97992.695579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97992.695579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97992.695579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97992.695579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.488765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030792690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1777228.775862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.747505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.741260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1209909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1209909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7457853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7457853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7457853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7457853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7457853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7457853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162127.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162127.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162127.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162127.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162127.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162127.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6219557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6219557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6219557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6219557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6219557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6219557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168096.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168096.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168096.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168096.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168096.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168096.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406440409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48397.286140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.083624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.916376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3163105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3163105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1731363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1731363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4894468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4894468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4894468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4894468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3326997711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3326997711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2479235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2479235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3329476946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3329476946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3329476946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3329476946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3191940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3191940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1731392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1731392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4923332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4923332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4923332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4923332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115380.534455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115380.534455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85490.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85490.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115350.503950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115350.503950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115350.503950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115350.503950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    861410960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861410960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       701249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       701249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    862112209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    862112209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    862112209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    862112209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105915.524407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105915.524407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77916.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77916.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105884.574920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105884.574920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105884.574920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105884.574920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              572.320270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030792904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1771121.828179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.958528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.361741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1210123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1210123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1210123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9215552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9215552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9215552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9215552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9215552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9215552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1210176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173878.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173878.339623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173878.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173878.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173878.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173878.339623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7120495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7120495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7120495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182576.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182576.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182576.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182576.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182576.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182576.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406439810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             48259.298266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.089440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.910560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3162693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3162693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1731178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1731178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4893871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4893871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4893871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4893871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        28930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        28930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3322272548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3322272548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2421959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2421959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3324694507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3324694507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3324694507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3324694507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3191594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3191594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1731207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1731207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4922801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4922801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4922801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4922801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114953.549981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114953.549981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83515.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83515.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114922.036191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114922.036191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114922.036191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114922.036191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    861066003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861066003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       620185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       620185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    861686188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861686188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    861686188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861686188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105561.603898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.603898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68909.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68909.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105521.208425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105521.208425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105521.208425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105521.208425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.725976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001230525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925443.317308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.725976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1222433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1222433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7598345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7598345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7598345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7598345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7598345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7598345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161666.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161666.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161666.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6231802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6231802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6231802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6231802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163994.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163994.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163994.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163994.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163994.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163994.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158373130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26693.600202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   225.723950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    30.276050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.881734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.118266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       858883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       726549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1585432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1585432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2401601172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2401601172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     51576591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51576591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2453177763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2453177763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2453177763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2453177763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       878344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       727009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1605353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1605353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123405.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123405.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112123.023913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112123.023913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123145.312133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123145.312133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123145.312133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123145.312133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    559577540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559577540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1267824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    560845364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560845364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    560845364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560845364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98865.289753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98865.289753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 74577.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74577.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98792.560155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98792.560155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98792.560155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98792.560155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              510.448510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001231135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1940370.416667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.448510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1223043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1223043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6804696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6804696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6804696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6804696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6804696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6804696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154652.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154652.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154652.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154652.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154652.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154652.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5481457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5481457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5481457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161219.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161219.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161219.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161219.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161219.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161219.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158376717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26591.121054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   225.297197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    30.702803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.880067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.119933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       861863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       727143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1589006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1589006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1589006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1589006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2390647528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2390647528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56170637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56170637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2446818165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2446818165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2446818165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2446818165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       881336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       727600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1608936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1608936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122767.294613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122767.294613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122911.678337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122911.678337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122770.605369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122770.605369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122770.605369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122770.605369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    553774466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553774466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1323178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1323178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555097644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555097644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555097644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555097644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97444.037656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97444.037656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        77834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97385.551579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97385.551579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97385.551579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97385.551579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.096066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003038910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2042849.103870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.096066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1249952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1249952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1249952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8081869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8081869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1249998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175692.804348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6470956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179748.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148775499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36789.193620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.932629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.067371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.859112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.140888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       996083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       738750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1734833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1734833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    993571825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    993571825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5627278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5627278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    999199103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999199103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    999199103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    999199103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1005746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       738826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1744572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1744572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102822.293801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102822.293801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 74043.131579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74043.131579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102597.710545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102597.710545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102597.710545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102597.710545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    354234677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354234677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1104056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1104056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355338733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355338733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355338733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355338733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93861.864600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93861.864600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78861.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78861.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93806.423706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93806.423706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93806.423706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93806.423706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
