
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132155                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132155230923                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697453662750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383753                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2122685                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62258.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18942816431                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23891913487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2670464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2794368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1305856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1799936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1799424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2666624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2818176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2675712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      5197696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      5189632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      5198976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1303808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4419840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2752128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      5201920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1799424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             49673472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13326976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13326976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        22017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        40607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        40544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        40617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        10186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        34530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        21501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        40640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        14058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                388074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          104117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               104117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20207025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21144589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9881228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13619862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13615988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20177968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        38742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21324740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        34868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20246735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39330233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39269214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39339918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9865731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33444306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20824965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39362195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13615988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               375872159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        38742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        34868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        37774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        37774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             601474                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100843348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100843348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100843348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20207025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21144589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9881228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13619862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13615988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        33900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20177968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        38742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21324740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        34868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20246735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        37774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39330233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39269214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        35837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39339918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9865731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33444306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        37774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20824965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39362195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13615988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              476715508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21816569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19473099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739720                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14451418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52065                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230358045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123950257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21816569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15524182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27625149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5723794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9497220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13942697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271454730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243829581     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4205989      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2133581      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160402      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1333974      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841900      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607642      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988836      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10352825      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271454730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391110                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228345032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11563372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27569960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3953913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065545                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138670764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3953913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228576193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7481211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3345111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27338723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       759575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138465829                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       571153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181489674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627611746                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627611746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34455344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9395                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1802234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24956540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26482                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137752995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18647                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128946471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24984904                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51160434                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271454730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214961776     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17742775      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18937032      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10958037      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679345      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422156      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681054      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39403      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33152      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271454730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215333     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88753     23.53%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73068     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101125923     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013041      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22766296     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032021      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128946471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529807965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162756877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125663200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129323625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102288                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          337                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6649622                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92293                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137771740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24956540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          337                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171153                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1843590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127315591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22446311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26478134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343812                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125692031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125663200                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76027632                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165711259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396515                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25161306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267500817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225545943     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16499502      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10565868      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352684      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530388      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082080      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686231      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627612      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610509      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267500817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610509                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401667221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279511680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5143943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45464290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.169190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.169190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591738620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163752270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147228708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23253892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19067526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2278015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9648972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9084160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2388068                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222001381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132161231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23253892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11472228                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29071353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6470136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20688690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13678012                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263428                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    275915429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      246844076     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3152537      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3645011      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2003748      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2303544      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1271002      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         867165      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2253261      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13575085      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    275915429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073375                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.417019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      220197125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     22526788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28829955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       228746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4132811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3776562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21195                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    161341751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       104768                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4132811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      220547390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       7202201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     14341134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28719507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       972382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161243848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       249893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       449882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    224083336                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    750734924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    750734924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    191390965                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32692371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23628                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2599219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15391750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8383016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1860626                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        160994769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152180063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20085884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46350682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4770                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275915429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211796769     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25790224      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13854391      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9588140      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8388425      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4289642      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039505      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       668967      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499366      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275915429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39481     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       139093     42.72%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147009     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127387876     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2378874      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18638      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14069974      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8324701      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152180063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            325583                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580814479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181124450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149649140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    152505646                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2711269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          862                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1443                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       179657                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9321                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2931                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4132811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       6650649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161037258                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15391750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8383016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23582                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1443                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1321009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277155                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2598164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149932255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13210570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2247808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21533491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20981012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8322921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149651377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149649140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        88933260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       232958322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472200                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112389164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    137887819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23150817                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2291127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271782618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215451678     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26121265      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10947532      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6583212      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4551335      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2943210      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1523938      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1226748      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2433700      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271782618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112389164                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    137887819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20883840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12680481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19735424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124310046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2805346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2433700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          430386800                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         326210163                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3400563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41003591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112389164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           137887819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112389164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.819836                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.819836                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354631                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354631                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      676318721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     207695343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150566582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       27512980                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22905316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2500263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10584625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10078544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2957070                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116703                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239436126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            150972870                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          27512980                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13035614                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            31461283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6947148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     21472986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14867189                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2389505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    296799886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      265338603     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1930440      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2430848      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3872493      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1620843      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2088268      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2437812      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1115972      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15964607      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    296799886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      238033106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     23017436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        31309822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        16184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4423333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      4189753                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          819                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    184488162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4423333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      238276176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        776767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     21562601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        31083121                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       677878                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    183351991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        97506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       472622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    256052629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    852609424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    852609424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    214441207                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       41611422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        44540                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23295                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2378259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     17143418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8989451                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      2089702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        179026595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44702                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       171841003                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21566405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43726539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1854                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296799886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    223968556     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33196291     11.18%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13638549      4.60%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7602565      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10284997      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3175691      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3122303      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1679814      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296799886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183267     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       158063     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152574     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144754267     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352940      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21244      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15752186      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8960366      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    171841003                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.542224                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    642145135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200638637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167380549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    173334908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129829                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3190365                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          940                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4423333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        590271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    179071300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17143418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8989451                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64320                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          940                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1482431                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1401554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2883985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168853469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15498843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2987534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24458520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       23876606                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8959677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            167381004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           167380549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers       100280625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       269261837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124782904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    153758042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25313998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42848                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2521490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292376553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227316804     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32963434     11.27%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11964475      4.09%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5974584      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5453394      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2296249      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266679      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080461      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3060473      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292376553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    124782904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    153758042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22813430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13953053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             21376                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         22281043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       138432536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3172622                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3060473                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          468387262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         362567447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3626392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20119134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         124782904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           153758042                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    124782904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.539763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.539763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      759829725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     233836955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     170702583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        42812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       24525394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20066599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2397378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10352152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9680404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2537241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236359454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            137062764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          24525394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12217645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            28634811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6512770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     12759996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        14457119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    281838509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      253203698     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1342457      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2124648      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2873100      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2957206      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2500692      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1408475      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2077449      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13350784      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    281838509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      233924756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     15215658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        28581278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        32978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4083838                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      4037301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    168210109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4083838                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      234568904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2188716                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11537954                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27977186                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1481908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    168144174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       221878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       634755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    234612371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    782224652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    782224652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    203742696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30869672                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        42046                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22019                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4369414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15754506                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8533331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      2014500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        167936540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       159618774                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18349890                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43752484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281838509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214277587     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27789077      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14079966      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10608874      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8338692      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3377582      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2112780      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1107823      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       146128      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281838509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30468     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97275     36.76%     48.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136873     51.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134245551     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2378972      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20025      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14467957      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8506269      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    159618774                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503658                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601362655                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186329281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157232637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    159883390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2519111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          655                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4083838                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1828118                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167978902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15754506                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8533331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22021                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          655                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1397790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1341311                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2739101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157423839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13615004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2194935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           22120948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       22378060                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8505944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            157232865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           157232637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        90258121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       243196631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118769696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    146144010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21834911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40389                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2427719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277754671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217807387     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29705728     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11230508      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5351645      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4510071      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2588874      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2261463      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023061      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3275934      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277754671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    118769696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    146144010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21655037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            13235393                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             20150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         21074481                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       131673590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      3009374                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3275934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          442456852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         340041745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3580411                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              35080511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         118769696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           146144010                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    118769696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.668349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.668349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      708560642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     219022501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     155933649                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        40354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       24575404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20109306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2396581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10131678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9670351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2534453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236397367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            137445645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          24575404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12204804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            28686169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6552089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     12725542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        14463962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2398562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    281933431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      253247262     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1339712      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2120869      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2872153      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2961429      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2504408      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1403756      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2078243      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13405599      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    281933431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.433693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      233959165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     15184792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        28631836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        33696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4123941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      4044864                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    168648206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4123941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      234605051                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2149513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     11543179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28026850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1484894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    168584360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       221752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       636401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    235209862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    784313617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    784313617                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    203820086                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31389736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        41559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21526                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         4380372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15780043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8548857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100740                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      2010723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        168369350                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       159829847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18719260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44883148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281933431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214327202     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27778325      9.85%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14073934      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10637715      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8362250      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3385874      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2112397      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108115      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147619      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281933431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30348     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       100217     37.41%     48.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137353     51.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134423051     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389729      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14474683      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8522352      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    159829847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601882808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187130966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157444243                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    160097765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326497                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2539650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4123941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1787560                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145448                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168411217                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15780043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8548857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21527                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390163                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1352740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2742903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157637348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13623360                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2192497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 166                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22145397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22399230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8522037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.497406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            157444482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           157444243                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        90387630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       243591911                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.496796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118814687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    146199402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22211815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2426928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277809490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217845818     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29715539     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11230624      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5353642      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508430      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584534      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2269433      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023059      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3278411      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277809490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    118814687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    146199402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21663200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            13240390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             20156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         21082476                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       131723476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      3010511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3278411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          442941490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         340946469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3581604                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34985589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         118814687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           146199402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    118814687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.667339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.667339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      709463454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     219311802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     156337907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        40366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21810536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19467762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14504147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14215997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230396323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            123923951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21810536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15527248                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27622684                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5723931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      9475688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13944748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    271468355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      243845671     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4203558      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2136039      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4159951      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1336122      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3843791      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         608078      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         987410      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10347735      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    271468355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.391027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228389793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     11535488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27567602                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3953218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2064563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138641293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3953218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228620450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       7423708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3377692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27336821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       756462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138437107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       568081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181450422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    627494817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    627494817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147024055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34426351                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1793954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24950366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4066553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       925009                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137726473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128935286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24967225                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51092373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271468355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214973976     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17749411      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18935811      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10955331      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679666      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421182      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680324      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39490      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33164      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271468355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215682     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88601     23.49%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72851     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101118504     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012772      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22762703     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032117      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128935286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529799110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162712694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125650589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129312420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100734                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          157                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6598016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137745250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24950366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2671                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1844907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127300465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22439479                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26471419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19340104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4031940                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401681                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125679612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125650589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76017899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165716054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396475                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99991324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112607303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25143494                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1729681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267515137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225560543     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502186      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10564653      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350977      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530853      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082635      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686029      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627969      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3609292      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267515137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99991324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112607303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23801410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19835470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17266490                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98428933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412126                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3609292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          401656265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279457983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5144462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              45450665                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99991324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112607303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99991324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.169465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.169465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591669807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163734236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147198287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316919013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23256117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19073452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2277086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9588968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9084615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385903                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102204                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221914864                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132179695                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23256117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11470518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29071429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6474114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20689813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13672315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262475                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    275834694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      246763265     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3152909      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3650608      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2002456      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2300174      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1267675      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         868923      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2251079      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13577605      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    275834694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.417077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      220110229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     22528148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28827851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       231028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4137434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3773362                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161335326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       104012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4137434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      220463479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7731945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     13808988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28716338                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       976506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    161236252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       250551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       451578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    224076382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    750691077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    750691077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191321134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32755248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42024                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23379                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2614013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15381329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8381625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1862263                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160980877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42089                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152123298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213078                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20124357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46546970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4512                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275834694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211736016     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25780485      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13848990      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9596944      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8380946      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4283377      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1041423      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667310      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499203      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275834694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40374     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137543     42.31%     54.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147171     45.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127338336     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2379221      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18632      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14065581      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8321528      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152123298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.480007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            325089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002137                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580619457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181148763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149598347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152448387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       381106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2705461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          956                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1443                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       181230                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9315                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3326                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4137434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       7168157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161023100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15381329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8381625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23320                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1443                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1320961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1276061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2597022                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149882936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13209374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2240362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21528666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20972964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8319292                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149600663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149598347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        88908489                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       232861687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112348291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137837618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23186855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37577                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2290150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271697260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215382137     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26115343      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10943676      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6583088      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4549464      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2943043      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522074      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227336      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2431099      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271697260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112348291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137837618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20876263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12675868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19728223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124264796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2804320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2431099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          430289880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         326186465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3397920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41084319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112348291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137837618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112348291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.820862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.820862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      676100313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207626275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150579889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316918829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21843530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19498558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14477011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14232183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311578                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52293                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230699913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124122650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21843530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     15543761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27661470                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5730381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      9380743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13962103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    271721135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      244059665     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        4210093      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2136958      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        4165263      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1336395      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3847529      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         608962      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         990266      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10366004      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    271721135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.391654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      228685347                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     11448582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27606456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        22167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3958579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2066365                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        20401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138856329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        38323                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3958579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      228916686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       7376035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3335938                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27374843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       759050                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138650623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       107561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       570911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    181726999                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    628456210                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    628456210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    147241183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34485693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18628                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9427                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1802805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     24994249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      4072105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       927578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        137939940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129122681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25011976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51228502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271721135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215151687     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17765239      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18964724      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972834      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5686774      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1423128      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1683835      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39566      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33348      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271721135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215738     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88749     23.51%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73032     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101260387     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1014397      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22801007     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4037688      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129122681                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.407431                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530427357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162970951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125837258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129500200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5126583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          346                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3958579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6545586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92555                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137958740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24994249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4072105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2645                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          346                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172705                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1845913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127492551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22481246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 106                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           26518730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19369489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          4037484                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.402288                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            125866482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           125837258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76132417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       165932784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.397065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100143128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    112775560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25188670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1730726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267762556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225750109     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16520160      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10580902      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3358415      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5538495      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1083129      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686906      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628230      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3616210      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267762556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100143128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    112775560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             23838726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            19867634                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9259                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17292578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        98575107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1413957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3616210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          402110199                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         279890293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5151382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              45197694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100143128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           112775560                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100143128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.164659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.164659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315990                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315990                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      592573949                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163975544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     147436722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21420788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19329624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8421548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7687794                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1179846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49861                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227374040                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            134574358                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21420788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8867640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26646130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3529351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     31267199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13043020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1126436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    287667271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      261021141     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         955207      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1959090      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         835424      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4426959      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3938257      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         766343      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1580659      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12184191      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    287667271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424633                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225042116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     33612604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26548600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        84472                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2379474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1879379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          431                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    157843429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2378                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2379474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225336185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      31211210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26373804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       982597                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    157752927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       505979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       320938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14618                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    185122953                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    742937215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    742937215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    164306987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       20815862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        18313                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2256815                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     37251227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     18848348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       908728                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        157449826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       151414169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        98872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12123888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29005818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287667271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233282042     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16613909      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13431041      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5802661      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7257263      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6876789      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899474      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312382      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191710      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287667271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380242     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2910182     86.22%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84706      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94957444     62.71%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1320358      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9064      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36339066     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18788237     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    151414169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3375130                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593969611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169596081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150110085                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154789299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1456050                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          583                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4006                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       132088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13345                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2379474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      30442478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157468291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37251227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18848348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          160                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4006                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       658893                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1316218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150362682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36208976                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           54995278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19698811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         18786302                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            150114040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           150110085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        81078662                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       159957741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473654                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121961382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143325477                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14160288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1146125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285287797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233113486     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19197762      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8941172      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8799374      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2434945      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10070937      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764156      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559872      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1406093      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285287797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    121961382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143325477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             54511429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            35795169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18926239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127451261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1388157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1406093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          441367105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         317351343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4882567                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              29251749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         121961382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143325477                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    121961382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.598519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.598519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      743346100                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     174276787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     187935941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        18240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21370292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19284326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1116039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8056365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7656094                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1177489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226700103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            134277475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21370292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8833583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26572834                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3522080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     31956209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13002508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1120645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    287607155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      261034321     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         947213      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1951006      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         830551      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4413550      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3926350      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         760349      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1584744      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12159071      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    287607155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      224355668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     34314345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26475722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        83841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2377574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1874557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    157481675                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2377574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224656045                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      31929562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1359585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26294300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       990084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    157389758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       506262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       325440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11813                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    184715061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    741222628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    741222628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    163890280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       20824771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18794                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2289310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     37147180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     18797312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       909207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        157088087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       151021685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        97121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12148773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29150361                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          623                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287607155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233386951     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16550721      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13387428      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5782589      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7242631      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6857606      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3896354      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311337      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191538      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287607155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379931     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2903260     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84605      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94718381     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318214      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9042      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36237156     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18738892     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    151021685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3367796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593115442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169259684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149721648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    154389481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1445544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          589                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3985                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13302                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           64                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2377574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      31163277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       294465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157107034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37147180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18797312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183256                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3985                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       653545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       657889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1311434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149972613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36109420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1049072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           54846511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19647110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         18737091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149725586                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149721648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80866431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       159573974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121649223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    142959221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14165439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1140738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285229581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233192349     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19145791      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8915553      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8778722      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2427229      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10046655      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762142      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558005      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1403135      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285229581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    121649223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    142959221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             54369121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            35701636                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18878096                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       127125625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1384741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1403135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          440950742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         316627122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4866610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              29311865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         121649223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           142959221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    121649223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.605187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.605187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      741396707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173841189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     187495323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316919013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21418645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19326780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1126655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8924642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7688594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1184020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227547160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            134593690                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21418645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8872614                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26647090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3533154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     31136890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13056850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1131156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    287709230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      261062140     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         957647      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1948523      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         833606      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4431254      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3949571      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         771566      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1584523      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12170400      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    287709230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      225229616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     33468295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26548708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        84946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2377660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1879237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    157839157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2377660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      225522026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      31080167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1371475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26376334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       981563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    157749072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       496952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       320946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        26302                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    185165272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    742966172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    742966172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    164323449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       20841823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        19013                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9943                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2245099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     37245948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     18842622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       914171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        157450712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       151426702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12088115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28837208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          795                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287709230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233299418     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16635741      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13438932      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5803515      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7254393      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6874016      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899082      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312656      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191477      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287709230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381135     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2908872     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84935      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94985662     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1319632      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9066      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36321412     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18790930     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    151426702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3374942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594026346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169561866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150134603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154801644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       275360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1449729                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3980                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13341                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2377660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      30317950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       294042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157469875                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37245948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18842622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          174                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3980                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       662268                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1320993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150374476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36202343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1052226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           54991116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19703416                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         18788773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            150138383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           150134603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        81110998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       160075946                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473732                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506703                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121970960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    143337200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14149387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18273                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1151745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285331570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233145656     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19203133      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8946601      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8799599      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2436573      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10071437      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765159      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559659      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1403753      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285331570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    121970960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    143337200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             54513147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            35796219                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18927939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       127461779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1388383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1403753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          441414040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         317351093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4889940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              29209783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         121970960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           143337200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    121970960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.598315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.598315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      743445680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     174323722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     187963443                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       27448419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22856938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498204                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10658633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10060277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2952528                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239026010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            150644705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          27448419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13012805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            31403133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6934906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     21976514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14841059                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2387175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    296823563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      265420430     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1927498      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2437169      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3870743      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1614547      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2080894      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2430171      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1108148      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       15933963      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    296823563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475341                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      237625128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     23517131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        31251998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        15989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4413312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      4174110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          752                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    184085567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4413312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      237868123                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        771189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     22069937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        31025318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       675674                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    182947174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        96339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       472190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    255528148                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    850778383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    850778383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    214036019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       41492129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        44641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23436                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2374667                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     17112849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8960382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106253                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      2080620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        178636275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44801                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       171465516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21517586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43655062                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2033                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296823563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224144725     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33130552     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13611377      4.59%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7584089      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10264598      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3165224      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3116423      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1675707      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130868      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296823563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1183609     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157440     10.54%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152205     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144441080     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2348957      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21204      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15722959      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8931316      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    171465516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541039                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1493255                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641418201                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200199594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167017244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    172958771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       128413                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3186130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          936                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4413312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        585993                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178681080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       139594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17112849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8960382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23437                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          936                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1484162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1395001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2879163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168487260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15470060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2978256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           24400609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       23822736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8930549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531641                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            167017749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           167017244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers       100081472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       268723303                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124547118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    153467449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25214360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42768                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2519398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292410251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227469555     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32905809     11.25%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11941093      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5963166      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5442792      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2293179      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2262481      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1079401      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3052775      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292410251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    124547118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    153467449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             22770364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13926719                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             21336                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         22238905                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       138170897                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3166605                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3052775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          468038427                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         361776964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3622851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              20095457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         124547118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           153467449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    124547118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.544571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.544571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      758203789                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     233357202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     170325562                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        42732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316919013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22242052                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18186549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2173201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9390720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8796855                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2291087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216083212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            126112624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22242052                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11087942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26437665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6288196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9977156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13284041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2187565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    256564937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      230127272     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1429694      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2261234      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3597085      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1506899      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1692343      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1775615      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1169303      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13005492      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    256564937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      214055494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12021055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26355777                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        66207                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4066402                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3649284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    154019701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4066402                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      214366006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2381232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      8669069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26117090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       965136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    153923553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        43471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       262969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       343466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        94736                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    213671048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    716007121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    716007121                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    182699565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30971483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39906                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2768513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14681271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7893600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       237859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        153724387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40030                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       145652185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183256                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19216025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42594702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256564937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195095796     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24702684      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13501050      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9181599      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8585852      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2478639      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1916410      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655715      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447192      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256564937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33772     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101958     38.22%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131044     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122017830     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2298501      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17661      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13465978      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7852215      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    145652185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548319337                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172982060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143328260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145918959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       443308                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2624279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229454                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9053                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4066402                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1489000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       132367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153764578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14681271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7893600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1647                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1272887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2509007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143592302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12669313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20519636                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20218503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7850323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453088                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            143329171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           143328260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        83799541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       218864196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107313478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    131537036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22228177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2219715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252498535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199106291     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25854030     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10066437      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5425090      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4063706      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2266870      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1396766      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1249668      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3069677      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252498535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107313478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    131537036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19721138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12056992                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18881347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       118524471                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2671825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3069677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          403193356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         311597034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3499899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              60354076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107313478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           131537036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107313478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.953208                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.953208                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      647553780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     198673379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143670812                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23275065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19087787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2282029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9585637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9087931                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2388180                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102474                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222410111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132341042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23275065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11476111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29112739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6481418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     21218367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13704008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    276901721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      247788982     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3158294      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3653501      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2005529      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2306640      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1270007      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         866403      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2251823      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13600542      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    276901721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      220596266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     23066071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        28872207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       227889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4139284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3776845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        21220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    161565326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts       106297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4139284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      220945843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6584956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     15498461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28760947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       972226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    161467936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       247564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       450771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    224421700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    751832481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    751832481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    191674269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       32747422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        42402                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2609892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15414327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8393489                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220473                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1861982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        161209658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42502                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       152375063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210212                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20097290                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46474770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276901721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212693961     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25828014      9.33%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13868915      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9611910      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8400066      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4290378      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1038434      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669613      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500430      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276901721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38273     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141534     43.19%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147879     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127552216     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2384465      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18666      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14082956      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8336760      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    152375063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480801                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            327686                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    582189744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181350897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149846758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    152702749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2715062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          878                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1453                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       177950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9335                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3357                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4139284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6051475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       162080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161252292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15414327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8393489                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1453                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1323219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1279846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2603065                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150128867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13227419                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2246195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21562352                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21006798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8334933                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            149848714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           149846758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        89062529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       233284519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472823                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112555692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    138092026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23161802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37645                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2295431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272762437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216347974     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26163635      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10963651      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6585844      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4561660      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2944630      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1528455      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1229667      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2436921      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272762437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    112555692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    138092026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20914801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12699265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19764621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       124494157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2809490                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2436921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          431578590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         326647027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3407620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              40017299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         112555692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           138092026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    112555692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.815664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.815664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      677202839                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     207982876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150771767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        37610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21414125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19322799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1117444                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8158293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7675517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227189526                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            134548384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21414125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8856331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26631818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3524209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     31741275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13030083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1122615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    287941384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      261309566     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         955017      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1953504      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         830635      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4426488      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3936512      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         763087      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1584070      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12182505      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    287941384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      224871739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     34072535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26534346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        84434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2378325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1879935                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    157797998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2378325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      225163917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      31670666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1385895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26360878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       981698                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    157709928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       507932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       319691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13626                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    185082695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    742743776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    742743776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    164256648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       20825992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2247678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     37227815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     18835873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172413                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       912296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        157409698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       151337467                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        95347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12152764                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29165919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287941384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233598618     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16591452      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13415206      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5803376      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7256555      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6873948      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3897948      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312421      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191860      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287941384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381022     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2908283     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84882      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94911786     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1320843      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9062      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36314724     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18781052     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    151337467                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3374187                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594085852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169584759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150037865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    154711654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1446593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          581                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3937                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126789                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13333                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2378325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      30909003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157428154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37227815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18835873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          153                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3937                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       653309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658769                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1312078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150287569                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36188299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1049898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           54967544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19690756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         18779245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            150041802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           150037865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        81041232                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       159915241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121921027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    143278565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14167000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1142168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285563059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233408699     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19191655      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8933948      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8798569      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2432938      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10066553      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763910      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558966      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1407821      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285563059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    121921027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    143278565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             54490271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            35781197                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18920264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       127409644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1387848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1407821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          441600439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         317269760                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4874222                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              28977636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         121921027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           143278565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    121921027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.599380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.599380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      742967533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     174195312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     187885436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316919020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       24570610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20104966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2395008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10165998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9675100                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2534668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236383559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            137412775                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          24570610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12209768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            28681485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6543769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     12690323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        14461494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2397123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    281872976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      253191491     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1339759      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2121056      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2871175      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2961965      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2504010      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1408794      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2077362      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13397364      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    281872976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      233944316                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     15150507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        28627577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        33379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4117196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      4044440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          389                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    168604635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4117196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      234590205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2151875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     11506651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28022295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1484751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    168540350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       221483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       636494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    235139254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    784112106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    784112106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    203810827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31328427                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21488                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         4374393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15772391                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8547769                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      2007761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        168325226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       159805493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18683747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44779262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1264                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281872976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214275269     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27779854      9.86%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14068357      4.99%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10633545      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8362338      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386945      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2110094      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108943      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147631      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281872976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30118     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98881     37.07%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137762     51.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134402723     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389144      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20031      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14472609      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8520986      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    159805493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266761                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601772552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187051285                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157425524                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    160072254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       326395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2532618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          650                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4117196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1790210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168367055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15772391                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8547769                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21489                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          650                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1390755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1349334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2740089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157618126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13621532                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2187367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22142207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22395848                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8520675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            157425765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           157425524                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        90369371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       243539640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496737                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118809299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    146192708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22174374                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2425354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277755780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217794629     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29712861     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11229635      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5356216      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4508227      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2585329      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2268133      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022422      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3278328      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277755780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    118809299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    146192708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21662191                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            13239773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             20156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         21081494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       131717449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      3010367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3278328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          442843728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         340851428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3580086                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              35046044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         118809299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           146192708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    118809299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.667460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.667460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374889                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374889                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      709389591                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     219280031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     156302505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        40366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20898                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.831362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.967707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.436847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.561745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1678.495783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.336987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41541                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41542                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20863                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20898                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56907408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16825797445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16882704853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       831936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       831936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56907408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16826629381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16883536789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56907408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16826629381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16883536789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625925.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806528.494152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807900.887831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       831936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       831936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625925.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806529.711978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807902.037946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1625925.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 806529.711978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807902.037946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2836                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53834408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14993660628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15047495036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       744136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       744136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53834408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14994404764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15048239172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53834408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14994404764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15048239172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538125.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718706.769629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720079.199694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       744136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       744136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538125.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718707.988496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720080.350847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1538125.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 718707.988496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720080.350847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        21882                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.515463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         251376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        23930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.504639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.504761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.616256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1683.571502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         331.822944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.822056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.162023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22206                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               22206                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  40983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40982                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 40983                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               21868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                21869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21831                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               21869                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70988394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18768859922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18839848316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       637575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       637575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70988394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18769497497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    18840485891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70988394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18769497497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   18840485891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22206                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           22206                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868115.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859773.702336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861525.897018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       637575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       637575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868115.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859763.524209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861515.656454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1868115.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859763.524209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861515.656454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11778                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11778                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           21869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          21869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67650053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16851438788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16919088841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       549775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67650053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16851988563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16919638616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67650053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16851988563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16919638616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780264.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771939.477233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773691.642628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       549775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       549775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780264.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771929.300673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773681.403631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1780264.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771929.300673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773681.403631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        10246                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.142455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         233827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        12294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.019603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.636705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.790101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1417.752220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         583.963430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.692262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.285138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               10454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33827                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33829                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               10225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                10243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               10243                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105747929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8213377503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8319125432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18067737                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18067737                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105747929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8231445240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     8337193169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105747929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8231445240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    8337193169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        43754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             43797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           10454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        44029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              44072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        44029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             44072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579217.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806498.183720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813606.399218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1003763.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003763.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579217.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806846.230151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813940.561261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2579217.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806846.230151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813940.561261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           10243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          10243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102148129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7319032177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7421180306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16487337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16487337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102148129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7335519514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7437667643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102148129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7335519514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7437667643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491417.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718679.514631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725787.804988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 915963.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915963.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491417.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 719027.594001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726121.999707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2491417.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 719027.594001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726121.999707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        14112                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.454595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         211994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        16160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.118441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.069433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.947140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1551.812733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         463.625289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.757721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.226380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  34403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34401                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 34403                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               14105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                14105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14063                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               14105                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69444788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11500827120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11570271908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69444788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11500827120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    11570271908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69444788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11500827120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   11570271908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             48327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              48508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        48464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             48508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1653447.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817807.517599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820295.775115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1653447.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817807.517599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820295.775115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1653447.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817807.517599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820295.775115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               6279                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    6279                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           14104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          14104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65753697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10264196790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10329950487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65753697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10264196790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10329950487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65753697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10264196790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10329950487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.290154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565564.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729924.391267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732412.825227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565564.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729924.391267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732412.825227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1565564.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729924.391267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732412.825227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        14107                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.455199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         212021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        16155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.124172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.076589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     4.843815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1551.689493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         463.845302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.757661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.226487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               10966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34420                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34422                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               14100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                14100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14059                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               14100                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59285026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433742125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11493027151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59285026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433742125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    11493027151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59285026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  11433742125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   11493027151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             48343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           10966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              48522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             48522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.291077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1445976.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813268.520165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.308582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1445976.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813268.520165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.308582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1445976.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 813268.520165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815108.308582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           14099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55683372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198803626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254486998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55683372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198803626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254486998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55683372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10198803626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10254486998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.291056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358131.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.411581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727320.164409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358131.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.411581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727320.164409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1358131.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 725480.411581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727320.164409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20868                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.838631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.977788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.408469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.613496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1678.014028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         338.802639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.819343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.165431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 41456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  41536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41535                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 41536                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20868                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70925197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16780763013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16851688210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70925197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16780763013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    16851688210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70925197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16780763013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   16851688210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             62324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              62404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             62404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026434.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805489.512456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807537.292026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026434.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805489.512456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807537.292026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2026434.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805489.512456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807537.292026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2834                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2834                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67851710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14951175714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15019027424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67851710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14951175714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15019027424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67851710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14951175714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15019027424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938620.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717667.916959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719715.709412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717667.916959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719715.709412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717667.916959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719715.709412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        22072                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.520484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         251467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        24120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.425663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.619090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.682496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1686.256143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         327.962755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.823367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.160138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               22172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41111                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41112                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               22055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                22057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22017                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               22057                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72393555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18946079828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19018473383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1617443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1617443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72393555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18947697271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    19020090826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72393555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18947697271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   19020090826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           22172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              63169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             63169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1809838.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860598.674903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862320.262208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 808721.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808721.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1809838.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860593.962438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862315.402185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1809838.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860593.962438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862315.402185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              11804                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   11804                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           22057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          22057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68880556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17012494362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17081374918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1441843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1441843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68880556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17013936205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17082816761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68880556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17013936205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17082816761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722013.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772768.310788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774489.907867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 720921.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720921.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722013.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772763.601081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774485.050596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722013.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772763.601081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774485.050596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20940                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.835893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.958979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.779647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.762444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1676.650410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         339.643391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.818677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.165841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 41557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7640                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  41640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41639                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 41640                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20905                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20941                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16635598679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16702728631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       674248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       674248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16636272927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    16703402879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67129952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16636272927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   16703402879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             62497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7640                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              62581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             62581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795809.351272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797647.021538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       674248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       674248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795803.536331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797641.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1864720.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795803.536331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797641.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2841                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2841                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14800051670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14864020822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       586448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       586448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14800638118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14864607270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63969152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14800638118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14864607270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 708000.940968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709838.625692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       586448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       586448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 707995.126429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709832.733394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1776920.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 707995.126429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709832.733394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        40646                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.931911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         225013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        42694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.270366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.638555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.549137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1847.063743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         195.680476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.901887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.095547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 48883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14995                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               14995                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  48917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48916                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 48917                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               40598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                40648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40609                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               40648                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67331711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38389209314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38456541025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     80663299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     80663299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67331711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38469872613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    38537204324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67331711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38469872613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   38537204324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             89481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14995                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           14995                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              89565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             89565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1726454.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946502.855445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947252.106631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1613265.980000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1613265.980000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1726454.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 947323.810313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948071.352194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1726454.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 947323.810313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948071.352194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6337                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6337                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           40648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          40648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63906512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34827685081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34891591593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     76271870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76271870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63906512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34903956951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34967863463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63906512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34903956951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34967863463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638628.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 858691.907616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859441.144712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1525437.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1525437.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638628.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859512.840774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860260.368604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638628.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859512.840774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860260.368604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        40582                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.931482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         224786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        42630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.272953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.631383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.515095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1846.401295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         196.383709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.901563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.095890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 48727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  48760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48759                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 48760                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               40531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                40582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40544                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               40582                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64939331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38956302438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   39021241769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     82771215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     82771215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64939331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39039073653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    39104012984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64939331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39039073653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   39104012984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             89258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              89342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             89342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.454005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.454005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708929.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962050.291112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962750.530927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1622965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1622965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708929.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962881.650873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963580.232221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708929.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962881.650873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963580.232221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               6330                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    6330                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           40582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          40582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61602931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35400088229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35461691160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     78292952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78292952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61602931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35478381181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35539984112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     61602931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35478381181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35539984112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.454005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.454005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621129.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874227.353592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874927.614912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1535155.921569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1535155.921569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621129.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875058.730786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875757.333596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1621129.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875058.730786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875757.333596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        40654                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.930754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         224993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        42702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.268910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.782613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.522454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1846.609466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         196.016220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.901665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.095711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 48868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14989                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               14989                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  48904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48903                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 48904                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               40605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                40654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40617                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               40654                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75433528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38302304944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38377738472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85686491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     85686491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75433528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38387991435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    38463424963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75433528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  38387991435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   38463424963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             89473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           14989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              89558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        89520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             89558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.576471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.576471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2038744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 944150.683889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945148.096835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1748703.897959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1748703.897959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2038744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 945121.289977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946116.617381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2038744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 945121.289977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946116.617381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               6340                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    6340                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           40654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          40654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72184928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34740030062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34812214990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81383860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81383860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72184928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34821413922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34893598850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72184928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34821413922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34893598850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.576471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.453720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1950944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856340.713419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857338.135451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1660895.102041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1660895.102041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1950944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 857311.320925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858306.657401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1950944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 857311.320925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858306.657401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        10231                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.141400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         233634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        12279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        19.027119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.529476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.853606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1417.589794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         584.168524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.692183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.285239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33685                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33687                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               10211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                10228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10186                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               10228                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109818416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8456503591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8566322007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17587469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     17587469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109818416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8474091060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     8583909476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109818416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8474091060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    8583909476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             43640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              43915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        43871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             43915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.061818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.061818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614724.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831596.380273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838930.761630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1034557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1034557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614724.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831935.112900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 839255.912788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2614724.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831935.112900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 839255.912788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5414                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5414                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           10228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          10228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7563335002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7669465568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16094869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16094869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7579429871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7685560437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106130566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7579429871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7685560437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.061818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526918.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743763.890451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751098.380962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       946757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       946757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526918.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 744102.677302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751423.585941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2526918.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 744102.677302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751423.585941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        34576                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.617885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         185033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        36624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.052234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.857923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.661217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1673.531654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         358.567092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.817154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.175082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 43780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  43896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43895                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 43896                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               34539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                34569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34530                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               34569                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56910669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32395936583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32452847252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27545566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27545566                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56910669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32423482149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    32480392818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56910669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32423482149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   32480392818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             78319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              78465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             78465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459247.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 939012.654580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939600.082573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 918185.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918185.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459247.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938994.559774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939581.498395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459247.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938994.559774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939581.498395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5248                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5248                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           34569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        34530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          34569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53486051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29366012145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29419498196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24911140                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24911140                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53486051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29390923285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29444409336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53486051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29390923285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29444409336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.440293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1371437.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851188.757826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851776.200701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 830371.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830371.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1371437.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851170.671445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851757.624924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1371437.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851170.671445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851757.624924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        21555                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.516229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         251444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        23603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.653053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.683850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.737180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1681.512560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         333.582638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.821051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.162882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               22277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  40982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40981                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 40982                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               21539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                21540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21501                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               21540                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76486676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18312796726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18389283402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1269447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1269447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76486676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18314066173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    18390552849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76486676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18314066173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   18390552849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             62348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           22277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              62522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             62522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961196.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851757.987256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853766.813780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1269447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1269447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961196.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851777.413748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853786.111838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961196.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 851777.413748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853786.111838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              11751                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   11751                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           21540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          21540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73062208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16424572185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16497634393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1181647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1181647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73062208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16425753832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16498816040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73062208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16425753832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16498816040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873389.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763933.590000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765942.448257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1181647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1181647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873389.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763953.017627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765961.747447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873389.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 763953.017627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765961.747447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        40678                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.932207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         224959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        42726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.265155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.641565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.529288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1846.755306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         196.006048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.901736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.095706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 48845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14978                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               14978                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  48880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        48879                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 48880                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               40630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                40679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40641                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               40679                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56725240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38638863728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38695588968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     82119539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     82119539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56725240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38720983267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    38777708507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56725240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  38720983267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   38777708507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             89475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           14978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              89559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             89559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492769.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951883.714229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952389.588186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1675908.959184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1675908.959184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492769.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952756.656258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953261.105411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492769.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952756.656258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953261.105411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               6338                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    6338                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           40679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          40679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53388840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35074162611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35127551451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     77816150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77816150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53388840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35151978761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35205367601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53388840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  35151978761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35205367601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404969.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864065.890101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864571.780729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1588084.693878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1588084.693878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404969.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864938.824365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865443.290174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404969.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864938.824365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865443.290174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        14107                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.459002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         212020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        16155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.124110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.074902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.845049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1551.708455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         463.830596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.757670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.226480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 34243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               10965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  34422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34420                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 34422                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               14100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                14100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14059                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               14100                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11463428722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11527320291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11463428722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    11527320291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63891569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11463428722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   11527320291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             48343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           10965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              48522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        48479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             48522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 815380.092610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817540.446170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 815380.092610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817540.446170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1558330.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 815380.092610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817540.446170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           14099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          14099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10228403451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10288694737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10228403451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10288694737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60291286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10228403451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10288694737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 727585.961801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729746.417264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 727585.961801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729746.417264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1470519.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 727585.961801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729746.417264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.910798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013974917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801021.166963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.736432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.174366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13942648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13942648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13942648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73596926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73596926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73596926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73596926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73596926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73596926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13942697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13942697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13942697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1501978.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501978.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1501978.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501978.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1501978.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501978.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57267948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57267948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57267948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57267948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57267948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57267948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590776.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590776.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1590776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1590776.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243202792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3881.308522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.391310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.608690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.778872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.221128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20493339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24440213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24440213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24440213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97299372588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97299372588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     36804954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36804954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97336177542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97336177542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97336177542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97336177542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20712374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20712374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24659597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24659597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24659597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444218.378743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444218.378743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105458.320917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105458.320917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443679.473170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443679.473170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443679.473170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443679.473170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19717118141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19717118141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6090458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19723208599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19723208599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19723208599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19723208599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316374.926045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316374.926045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74273.878049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74273.878049                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316056.800830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316056.800830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316056.800830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316056.800830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.158666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088345789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2088955.449136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.158666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13677962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13677962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13677962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13677962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13677962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13677962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87757623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87757623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87757623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87757623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87757623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87757623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13678012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13678012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13678012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13678012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13678012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13678012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1755152.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1755152.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1755152.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1755152.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1755152.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1755152.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71388360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71388360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71388360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71388360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71388360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71388360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830470.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830470.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830470.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830470.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1830470.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830470.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186192225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2952.198782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.250964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.749036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9642084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9642084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8158052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8158052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20054                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20054                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17800136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17800136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17800136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17800136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       214671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       219879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       219879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  90849053008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90849053008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3237799997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3237799997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94086853005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94086853005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94086853005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94086853005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9856755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9856755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8163260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8163260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18020015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18020015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18020015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18020015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 423201.331377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423201.331377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 621697.388057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621697.388057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 427902.860232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427902.860232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 427902.860232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427902.860232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36297577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 518536.814286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           22206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21634888267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21634888267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11846173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21646734440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21646734440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21646734440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21646734440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345390.064768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345390.064768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68081.454023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68081.454023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344621.884642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344621.884642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344621.884642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344621.884642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.567420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090991147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2190745.275100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.567420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14867133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14867133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14867133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14867133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14867133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14867133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159759054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159759054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159759054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159759054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    159759054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159759054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14867187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14867187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14867187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14867187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14867187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14867187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2958501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2958501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2958501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2958501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2958501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2958501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106232929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106232929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106232929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106232929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106232929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106232929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470533.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470533.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470533.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470533.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2470533.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2470533.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                44029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              179079472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                44285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4043.795235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.551814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.448186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11869674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11869674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8814115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8814115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20683789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20683789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20683789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20683789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       113190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       115938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       115938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       115938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25193436118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25193436118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    326217290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326217290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25519653408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25519653408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25519653408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25519653408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11982864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11982864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8816863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8816863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        22960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20799727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20799727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20799727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20799727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 222576.518403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222576.518403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118710.804221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118710.804221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 220114.659628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220114.659628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 220114.659628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220114.659628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1545197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 515065.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           10454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        43754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        44029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        44029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10481532487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10481532487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37039339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37039339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10518571826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10518571826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10518571826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10518571826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239555.983156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239555.983156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 134688.505455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134688.505455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238900.993118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238900.993118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 238900.993118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238900.993118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.558832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1087592598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2095554.138728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.558832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14457061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14457061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14457061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       14457061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     14457061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      14457061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80620215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80620215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80620215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80620215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80620215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80620215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14457119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14457119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14457119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     14457119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     14457119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     14457119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1390003.706897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1390003.706897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1390003.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1390003.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1390003.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1390003.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69944890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69944890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69944890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69944890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69944890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69944890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589656.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589656.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589656.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589656.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589656.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589656.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                48464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              180569276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                48720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3706.265928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.553607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.446393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9956514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9956514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8379841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8379841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21875                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18336355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       18336355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18336355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      18336355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       155096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       156168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       156168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       156168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       156168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52034170046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52034170046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     90765633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90765633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52124935679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52124935679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  52124935679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52124935679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10111610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10111610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8380913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8380913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18492523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18492523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18492523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18492523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335496.531477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335496.531477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84669.433769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84669.433769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333774.753336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333774.753336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333774.753336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333774.753336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       106813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        48464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13849444306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13849444306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11700358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11700358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13861144664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13861144664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13861144664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13861144664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286838.935153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286838.935153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64642.861878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64642.861878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286009.092605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286009.092605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 286009.092605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286009.092605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.893687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1087599443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2099612.824324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.893687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14463906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       14463906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     14463906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      14463906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69332948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69332948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69332948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69332948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69332948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69332948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14463962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     14463962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     14463962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     14463962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238088.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1238088.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238088.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1238088.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1238088.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1238088.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59766345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59766345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59766345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59766345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59766345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59766345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1389915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1389915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1389915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                48479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              180576727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                48735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3705.278075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.556816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.443184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9961289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9961289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8383013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8383013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18344302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       18344302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18344302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      18344302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       155216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       156270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       156270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       156270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51754434130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51754434130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     88749975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88749975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51843184105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51843184105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  51843184105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51843184105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10116505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10116505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8384067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8384067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18500572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18500572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18500572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18500572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 333434.917341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333434.917341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84203.012334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84203.012334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 331753.913771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331753.913771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 331753.913771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331753.913771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           10966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       106916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       107791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13783759762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13783759762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11561421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11561421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13795321183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13795321183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13795321183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13795321183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 285378.048903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285378.048903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64588.944134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64588.944134                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 284562.824790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284562.824790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 284562.824790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284562.824790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              560.319287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013976972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1801024.817052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.214267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.105020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13944703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13944703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13944703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13944703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13944703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77229538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77229538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77229538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77229538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77229538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77229538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13944748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13944748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13944748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1716211.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1716211.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1716211.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1716211.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1716211.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1716211.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71286130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71286130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71286130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71286130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71286130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71286130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1980170.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980170.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1980170.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980170.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1980170.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980170.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243197562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3883.456215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.534282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.465718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.783337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.216663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20488094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20488094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3946878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24434972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24434972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24434972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24434972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       218878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       219219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       219219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  96946046206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96946046206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31317208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31317208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  96977363414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96977363414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  96977363414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96977363414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20706972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20706972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3947219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24654191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24654191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24654191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24654191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442922.752428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442922.752428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91839.319648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91839.319648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442376.634388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442376.634388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442376.634388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442376.634388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19670890549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19670890549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5180222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5180222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19676070771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19676070771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19676070771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19676070771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315805.460907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315805.460907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64752.775000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64752.775000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315483.433347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315483.433347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315483.433347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315483.433347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.713778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088340086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2080956.187380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.632148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.081629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.770964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13672259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13672259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13672259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13672259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99771147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99771147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99771147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99771147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99771147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99771147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13672315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13672315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13672315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13672315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781627.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1781627.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781627.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1781627.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1781627.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1781627.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72800087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72800087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72800087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72800087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72800087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72800087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775611.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775611.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775611.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775611.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1775611.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775611.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186189325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2937.481462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.247215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.752785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9642192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9642192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8155182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8155182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17797374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17797374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17797374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17797374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  91455364434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91455364434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3323043290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3323043290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94778407724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94778407724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94778407724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94778407724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9857703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9857703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8160310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8160310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18018013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18018013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18018013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18018013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 424365.180589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424365.180589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 648019.362324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648019.362324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429563.258191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429563.258191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429563.258191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429563.258191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39975595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 571079.928571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           22172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21822354474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21822354474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12893794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12893794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21835248268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21835248268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21835248268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21835248268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346650.693767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346650.693767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73260.193182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73260.193182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345888.484793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345888.484793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345888.484793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345888.484793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              560.863474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013994324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1797862.276596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.758410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.105065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13962055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13962055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13962055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13962055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13962055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13962055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82066096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82066096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13962103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13962103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13962103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13962103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13962103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13962103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1709710.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67508275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67508275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824547.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                62543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              243239994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                62799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3873.309989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.656757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.343243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.783815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.216185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20525401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20525401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3951977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3951977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24477378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       24477378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24477378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      24477378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       219560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       219560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       219560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96103868067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96103868067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37120924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37120924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96140988991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96140988991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  96140988991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96140988991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20744593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20744593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3952345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3952345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24696938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24696938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24696938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24696938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 438446.056731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438446.056731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100872.076087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100872.076087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437880.255925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437880.255925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437880.255925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437880.255925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       156732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19533249667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19533249667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6087757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6087757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19539337424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19539337424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19539337424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19539337424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 312732.143244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312732.143244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72473.297619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72473.297619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 312409.462522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312409.462522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 312409.462522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312409.462522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.201578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1120570277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1922075.946827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.913948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.287630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13042959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13042959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13042959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13042959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13042959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13042959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92204153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92204153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92204153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92204153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92204153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92204153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13043020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13043020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13043020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13043020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13043020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13043020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1511543.491803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1511543.491803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1511543.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1511543.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1511543.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1511543.491803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67720955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67720955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67720955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67720955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67720955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67720955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693023.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693023.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693023.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693023.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693023.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693023.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                89523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              488077181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                89779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5436.429243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.913835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.086165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     34156114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34156114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18697406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18697406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52853520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       52853520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52853520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      52853520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       327474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       327474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 158969181872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158969181872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    300519552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    300519552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159269701424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159269701424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159269701424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159269701424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     34483241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34483241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18697753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18697753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53180994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53180994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53180994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53180994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 485955.552039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485955.552039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 866050.582133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866050.582133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486358.310657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486358.310657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486358.310657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486358.310657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           14995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       237686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       237949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       237949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42064958105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42064958105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     83398705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83398705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42148356810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42148356810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42148356810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42148356810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470309.568375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470309.568375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 992841.726190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992841.726190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470799.852667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470799.852667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470799.852667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470799.852667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              576.472655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1120529763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1925308.871134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.278234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   539.194421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.864094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.923834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13002445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13002445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13002445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13002445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13002445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13002445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89337059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89337059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89337059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89337059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89337059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89337059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13002508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13002508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13002508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13002508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13002508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13002508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1418048.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1418048.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1418048.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1418048.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1418048.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1418048.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65320337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65320337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65320337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65320337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65320337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65320337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674880.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1674880.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674880.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1674880.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1674880.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1674880.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                89303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              487933842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                89559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5448.183231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.914523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.085477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     34061037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34061037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18648655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18648655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52709692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       52709692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52709692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      52709692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       327311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       327311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161071644898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 161071644898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    308258249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308258249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161379903147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 161379903147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161379903147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 161379903147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     34387982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34387982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18649021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18649021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9645                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53037003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53037003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53037003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53037003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 492656.700356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492656.700356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 842235.653005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842235.653005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 493047.600438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493047.600438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 493047.600438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493047.600438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       239433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       239433                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       237726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       238008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       238008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42621103626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42621103626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85482380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85482380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42706586006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42706586006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42706586006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42706586006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 477713.307995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477713.307995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017647.380952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017647.380952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 478221.179647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478221.179647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 478221.179647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478221.179647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              577.329994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1120584110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1928716.196213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.303649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.026345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13056792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13056792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13056792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13056792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13056792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13056792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107889264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107889264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107889264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107889264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107889264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107889264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13056850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13056850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13056850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13056850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13056850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13056850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1860159.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1860159.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1860159.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1860159.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1860159.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1860159.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75823498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75823498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75823498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75823498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75823498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75823498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1995355.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995355.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1995355.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995355.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1995355.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995355.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                89520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              488069861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                89776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5436.529373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     34147435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34147435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18698060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18698060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     52845495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       52845495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     52845495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      52845495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       326754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       326754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       326754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158516621453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158516621453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    324904290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    324904290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158841525743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 158841525743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158841525743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 158841525743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     34473833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34473833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18698416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18698416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     53172249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53172249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     53172249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53172249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 485654.389589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485654.389589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 912652.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912652.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 486119.606012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486119.606012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 486119.606012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486119.606012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       203267                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       203267                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       236963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       237234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       237234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        89520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41976773507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41976773507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88572886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88572886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42065346393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42065346393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42065346393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42065346393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 469355.101549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469355.101549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1042033.952941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042033.952941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 469898.864980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469898.864980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 469898.864980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469898.864980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.466206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1090965015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2186302.635271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.466206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14841001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14841001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14841001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14841001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14841001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14841001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    167002509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167002509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    167002509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167002509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    167002509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167002509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14841057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14841057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14841057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14841057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14841057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14841057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2982187.660714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2982187.660714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2982187.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2982187.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2982187.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2982187.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3402424                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       850606                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110296513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110296513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110296513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110296513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110296513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110296513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506738.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506738.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506738.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506738.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2506738.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2506738.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                43871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              179042259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                44127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4057.431029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.552258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.447742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11849023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11849023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8797451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8797451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20646474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20646474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20646474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20646474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       112661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       112661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       115421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       115421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       115421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       115421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25705089455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25705089455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333763580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    333763580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26038853035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26038853035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  26038853035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26038853035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11961684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11961684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8800211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8800211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        23102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        23102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21366                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20761895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20761895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20761895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20761895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228163.157215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228163.157215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120928.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120928.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225598.920777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225598.920777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225598.920777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225598.920777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2182161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 311737.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        43871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10715282425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10715282425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36588537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36588537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10751870962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10751870962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10751870962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10751870962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245785.907537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245785.907537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133049.225455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.225455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245079.231429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245079.231429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245079.231429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245079.231429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.370972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1092470460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2061265.018868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.370972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13283983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13283983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13283983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13283983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13283983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13283983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81620378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81620378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81620378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81620378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81620378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81620378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13284041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13284041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13284041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13284041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13284041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13284041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1407247.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1407247.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1407247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1407247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1407247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1407247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57311908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57311908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57311908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57311908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     57311908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57311908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1432797.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432797.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1432797.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432797.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1432797.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1432797.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              193991233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2465.541020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.336004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.663996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9204547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9204547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7627158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7627158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16831705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16831705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16831705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16831705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       204897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       205933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       205933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90532977216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90532977216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    384513578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384513578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90917490794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90917490794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  90917490794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90917490794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9409444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9409444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7628194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7628194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        22067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22067                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17037638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17037638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17037638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17037638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441846.279916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441846.279916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 371152.102317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 371152.102317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441490.634303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441490.634303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 441490.634303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441490.634303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       178439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35557241053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35557241053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35287444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35287444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35592528497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35592528497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35592528497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35592528497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454237.292927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454237.292927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 241694.821918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241694.821918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453841.612968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453841.612968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453841.612968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453841.612968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.043434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1088371783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2085003.415709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.043434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13703956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13703956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13703956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13703956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13703956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13703956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96018548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96018548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96018548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96018548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96018548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96018548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13704008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13704008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13704008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13704008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13704008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13704008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846510.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1846510.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846510.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1846510.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1846510.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1846510.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76887681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76887681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76887681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76887681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76887681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76887681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922192.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922192.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922192.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922192.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1922192.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922192.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              186215720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                62738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2968.148809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.250967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.749033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9653714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9653714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8170056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8170056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17823770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17823770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17823770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17823770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       214331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       219652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       219652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       219652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  90124129439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90124129439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3273078227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3273078227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  93397207666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93397207666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  93397207666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93397207666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9868045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9868045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8175377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8175377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18043422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18043422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18043422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18043422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 420490.407076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420490.407076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 615124.643300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615124.643300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 425205.359687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425205.359687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 425205.359687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425205.359687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39141639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 515021.565789                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           22277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       157170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21175282575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21175282575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12485500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12485500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21187768075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21187768075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21187768075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21187768075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339848.535902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339848.535902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 71755.747126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71755.747126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339101.950562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339101.950562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339101.950562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339101.950562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              577.463495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1120557341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1925356.256014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.318227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.145268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.865617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13030023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13030023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13030023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13030023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13030023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13030023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80257100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80257100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80257100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80257100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80257100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80257100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13030083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13030083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13030083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13030083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13030083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13030083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337618.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1337618.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337618.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1337618.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337618.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1337618.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57106082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57106082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57106082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57106082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57106082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57106082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1464258.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1464258.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1464258.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1464258.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1464258.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1464258.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                89519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              488050142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                89775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5436.370281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.913577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.086423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     34136255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34136255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18690224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18690224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52826479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       52826479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     52826479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      52826479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       327856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       328203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       328203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159917883491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159917883491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    305456494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    305456494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160223339985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160223339985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160223339985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160223339985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     34464111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34464111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18690571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18690571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53154682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53154682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     53154682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53154682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487768.665179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487768.665179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 880278.080692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880278.080692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 488183.654583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488183.654583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 488183.654583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488183.654583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254749                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           14978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       238683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        89520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42312189050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42312189050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     84950184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84950184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42397139234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42397139234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42397139234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42397139234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 473100.195112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473100.195112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011311.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011311.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 473605.219325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473605.219325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 473605.219325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473605.219325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.894091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1087596971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2099608.052124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.894091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14461434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14461434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14461434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       14461434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     14461434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      14461434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75543983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75543983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14461494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14461494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14461494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     14461494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     14461494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     14461494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1259066.383333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64395626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64395626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497572.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                48479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180574901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                48735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3705.240607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.555961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.444039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9959875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9959875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8382622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8382622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18342497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       18342497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18342497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      18342497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       155081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       156135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       156135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       156135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       156135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51769974148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51769974148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     88657471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88657471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51858631619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51858631619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  51858631619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51858631619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10114956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10114956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8383676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8383676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21352                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21352                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18498632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18498632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18498632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18498632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333825.382529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333825.382529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84115.247628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84115.247628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332139.697179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332139.697179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332139.697179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332139.697179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           10965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13813471151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13813471151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11544449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11544449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13825015600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13825015600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13825015600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13825015600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285993.191532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285993.191532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64494.128492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64494.128492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285175.346026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285175.346026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285175.346026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285175.346026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
