
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010478                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10478342640                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538253719185                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 404521                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   520594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 266941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39253.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15878830942                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20435104655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       188160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       384768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       381568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       270592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       264448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       159872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       387968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       385408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       262912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       265088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       276992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       161280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       265728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       387456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       263680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       379520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4755200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1131392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1131392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 37150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17957038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       451980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36720311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       451980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36414919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25823931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     25237579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     15257375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37025703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36781389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       354254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     25090991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       342039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25298657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       403117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26434715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       464196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15391747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       329823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25359736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       451980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36976840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       354254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     25164285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       439764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36219468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               453812226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       451980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       451980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       415333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       439764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       439764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       439764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       354254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       342039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       403117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       464196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       329823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       451980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       354254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       439764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6657541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         107974328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              107974328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         107974328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17957038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       451980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36720311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       451980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36414919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       415333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25823931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       415333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     25237579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     15257375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37025703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36781389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       354254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     25090991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       342039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25298657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       403117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26434715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       464196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15391747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       329823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25359736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       451980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36976840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       354254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     25164285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       439764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36219468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              561786554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871163                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815109                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9300                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19958486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11562437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2414768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        558024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       453297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23177229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20762461     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112150      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179615      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242125      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249080      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210709      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         117864      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175607      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127618      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23177229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19757355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       656430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       339956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14191986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19811291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        134012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       399348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14186431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19795672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65991472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65991472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2642289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          368794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718764                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       241378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14169147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3552                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1568071                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3748613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23177229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17426630     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2410417     10.40%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1208488      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871201      3.76%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690810      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283738      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179749      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93533      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12663      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23177229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2482     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8233     36.56%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11804     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318442     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221097      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716197      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50116618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15740828                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13250890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13479974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217231                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        106722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14172720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718764                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13267700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885367                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716139                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528006                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13251015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13250890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20501244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527337                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       207043                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22826813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17732971     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2546751     11.16%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940846      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450306      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       407953      1.79%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218946      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173148      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86639      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269253      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22826813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       269253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36730217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28695874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1950692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.512792                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.512792                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.397964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.397964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59715908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18459668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13151821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2038286                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208811                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19757384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11566901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2038286                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1009076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2422731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        585808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       361037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1217033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22921537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20498806     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         132079      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         206268      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         329914      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136426      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         152305      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         162584      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         106151      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1197004      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22921537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460321                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19574356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       545868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2414906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       380091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       333592                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14124929                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       380091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19605623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        175143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       282170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2390523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        87983                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14115444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4140                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19596214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65657830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65657830                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16682159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2914038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2008                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          265883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       722167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       164742                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14093875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13318283                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4085422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22921537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17309369     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250529      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231385      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840261      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786754      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225041      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176901      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59802      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41495      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22921537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3144     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9959     39.35%     51.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12205     48.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11157532     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210715      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230695      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717728      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13318283                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49600206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15920043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13100214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13343591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          854                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       380091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        121327                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14097537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2011                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8866                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       231907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13125877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157171                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1874567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1845932                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           717396                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13100452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13100214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7661983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20022568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521341                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9799170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12011019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       205071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22541446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17663607     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363469     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920293      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494265      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370877      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206481      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128612      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114152      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279690      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22541446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9799170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12011019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1800999                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1100997                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1724015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10822890                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       243987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       279690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36359225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28575211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                321120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2206384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9799170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12011019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9799170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389971                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389971                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59185291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18161916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13169760                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2039675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668578                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19767579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11576391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2039675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1009306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2424067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        585495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       360817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1217362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202277                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22932765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20508698     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         132239      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         206809      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         329838      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136021      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         151970      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         162715      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         106072      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1198403      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22932765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19584354                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       545858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2416233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       380000                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       333852                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14134036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1667                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       380000                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19615986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        174542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       282216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2391405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        88612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14124367                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        24469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        33438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4164                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19611781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65698628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65698628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16694902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2916866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          267633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       722404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       166230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14101435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13326661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1820922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4083033                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          282                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22932765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17316003     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252322      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232575      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842188      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786870      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224513      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176976      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59820      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41498      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22932765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3141     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9847     39.09%     51.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12200     48.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11164083     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210880      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231929      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718155      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13326661                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49628168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15926041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13107738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13351849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245463                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          844                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       380000                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        119957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14104990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       232023                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13133579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1875914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1847095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           717864                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13107965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13107738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7666334                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20029808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9806528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12020138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       204833                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22552765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17671177     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2365013     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921443      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494831      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370675      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206684      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128836      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114238      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279868      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22552765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9806528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12020138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1802355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1101835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10831081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       244174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       279868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36377833                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28590034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                320921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2195156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9806528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12020138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9806528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.562367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.562367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59220259                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18174581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13180184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2040525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1673017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201872                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       833125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19479914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11610316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2040525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1002758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2552103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        577653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       651498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1202403                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23056047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20503944     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         276179      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         320081      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         175248      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         201577      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         111267      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          75047      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         197352      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1195352      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23056047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462048                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19316505                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       818394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2529924                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       370399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       331135                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2134                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14172300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11235                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       370399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19348852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        258637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       470952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2519578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        87620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14162315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19676848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65947331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65947331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16734828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2942008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2053                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          237021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       737729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       163201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14138020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13337641                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1811919                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4213712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23056047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17438240     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258408      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213399      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841797      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734681      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375165      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91827      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58707      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43823      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23056047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3301     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12976     43.77%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13367     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11159609     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208625      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236237      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731539      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13337641                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49780103                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15953765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13109625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13367285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33460                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       370399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        210686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14141732                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       230222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13136126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1891015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1836535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           731271                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13109920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13109625                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7793654                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20416273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9829956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12060306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       202898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22685648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17758596     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2284984     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958177      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574424      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398485      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256242      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134920      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107534      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212286      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22685648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9829956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12060306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1828504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1109894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1725902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10873105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       245420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       212286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36615176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28654181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                301475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2071874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9829956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12060306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9829956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.556260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.556260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59258447                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18191816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13226174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2041270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1673787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19490686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11616422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2041270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1003106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2553167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        578143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       646375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1203176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23063067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20509900     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         276189      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         319810      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         175281      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         202072      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         111121      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          74859      0.32%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         197878      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1195957      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23063067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19327093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       813327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2531257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20678                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       370711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       331144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2129                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14181252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11204                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       370711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19359058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        252541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       472854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2521188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        86706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14171234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19688595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65990593                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65990593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16744690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2943894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          235442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       737849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       163313                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14147480                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13347112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19151                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1815279                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4215916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23063067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17442721     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258196      9.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215297      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840560      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735844      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       376037      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91648      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58919      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43845      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23063067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3370     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13087     44.29%     55.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13092     44.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11167833     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208818      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237000      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731830      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13347112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002214                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49805991                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15966645                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13118523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13376661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          816                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       370711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        205372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14151248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       230562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13145051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1891796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1837457                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           731586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13118797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13118523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7799869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20435697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9835897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12067575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       203086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22692356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17763218     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285438     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958290      4.22%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574987      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398707      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256986      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134755      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107492      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212483      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22692356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9835897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12067575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1829688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1110615                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1726943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10879656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       245566                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       212483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36631215                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28673549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                301868                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2064854                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9835897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12067575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9835897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.554716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.554716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391433                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391433                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59298980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18204206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13232853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3286                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2271796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830298                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9736                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19785955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12464985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2271796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1074883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2597870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        579681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       675822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1230133                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23428974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20831104     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         159065      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         200409      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         320752      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133723      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         171789      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         201375      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          92233      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1318524      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23428974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19670452                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       802576                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2585619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       369056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       345517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15234514                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       369056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19690521                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         63864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       683515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2566821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        55191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15141731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21152189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70412509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70412509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17686198                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3465984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          194961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       740959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       168702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14786796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14183006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15065                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23428974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17418158     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2743686     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119390      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627421      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850766      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262169      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258211      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138282      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10891      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23428974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98409     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13135     10.57%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12668     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11948085     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193923      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300847      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       738397      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14183006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564432                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51934263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16594115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13812079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14307218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       369056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6332                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14790502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       240072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13935154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2016972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1970385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           738299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13812163                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13812079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8274411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22227584                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.549671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372259                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10289639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12679308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       210028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23059918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17691988     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2720814     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988582      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491378      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449953      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189119      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186958      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88967      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252159      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23059918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10289639                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12679308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1880137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1149543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1837800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11415546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       261828                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       252159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37598227                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29950140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                302198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1698947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10289639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12679308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10289639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.442061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.442061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       62700992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19303275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14090190                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2039942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839805                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19758792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11577959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2039942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1010263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2424826                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        584883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       361389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1216966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22924825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20499999     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         131962      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         206825      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         330026      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136711      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         152554      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         162263      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105943      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1198542      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22924825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19576462                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       545556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2416936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       379518                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       334108                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14137374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       379518                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19607796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        173082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       284586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2392597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        87242                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14127514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3845                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19612387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     65716239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     65716239                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16697042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2915300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2001                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          264934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1348321                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       723094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       165406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14104962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4084159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22924825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17309131     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250890      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231323      5.37%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841923      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787960      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225427      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176774      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59761      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41636      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22924825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3196     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9778     38.83%     51.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12208     48.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11166444     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210960      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1232696      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718625      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530499                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25182                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001889                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49627726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15931045                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13112018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13355521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       379518                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        118326                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14108617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1348321                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       723094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2001                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       231502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13137847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158479                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1876742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1847434                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           718263                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522839                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13112238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13112018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7667896                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20037749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521811                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382673                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9807767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12021667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       204707                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22545307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664526     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364395     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920337      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495689      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370370      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206759      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128732      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114128      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280371      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22545307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9807767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12021667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1802580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1101968                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1725574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10832454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       244205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       280371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36373481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28596795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                320530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2203096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9807767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12021667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9807767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.562043                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.562043                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59241026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18178470                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13182547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2037409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1666632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19761058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11565518                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2037409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1007758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2421709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        586281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       357789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1217419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22921129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20499420     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         131555      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205942      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         329919      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136076      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         152101      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         162476      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         106937      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1196703      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22921129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19577614                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       543029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2413877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       380281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       333564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14123846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1592                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       380281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19608798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        170759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       281775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2389643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14114717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        24148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        33537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5769                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19594824                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65655053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65655053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16679103                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2915715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          267369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       722192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       165722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14093505                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13317944                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4088372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22921129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17310040     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2249868      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1229521      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841758      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786838      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225010      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176775      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59844      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41475      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22921129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3163     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10108     39.70%     52.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12189     47.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11157956     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210732      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230023      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13317944                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530006                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49599412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15919002                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13099334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13343404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       380281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        116309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14097126                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       232383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13124858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1156410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1873684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1845617                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           717274                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522322                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13099547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13099334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7661510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20022034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9797225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12008768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       205355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22540848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664626     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2362892     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919376      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494285      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370379      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206606      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128642      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114465      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279577      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22540848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9797225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12008768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1800630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1100782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1723733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10820819                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       243942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       279577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36358359                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28574622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                321259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2206792                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9797225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12008768                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9797225                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.564800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.564800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59177670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18160998                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13167609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1900376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286882                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20158460                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10805127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1900376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1363591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2408193                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        504521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       299949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1220811                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23217198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20809005     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         371211      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182306      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         366096      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         113319      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         340681      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          52548      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          85534      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         896498      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23217198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430005                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19918309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       544980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2403243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2010                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       176009                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12055108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4574                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19945668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        326093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       136101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2377743                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        82931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12036653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        66428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15739084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     54501744                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     54501744                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12714442                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3024642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          179518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       344532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        78260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11972712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11193671                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2196615                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4526185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23217198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18306385     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533828      6.61%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659637      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957952      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488043      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122527      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142618      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3466      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2742      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23217198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18469     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7561     23.49%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6164     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8757433     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85712      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008548     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341200      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11193671                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45644138                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14170949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10906474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11225865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           22                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        218764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11974310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58829                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       162025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11053197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2321127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1682026                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           341158                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.439877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10909326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10906474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6606387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14267611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.434038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8692888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9760328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2214493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       151960                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22868543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19248514     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412668      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916304      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286839      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483091      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92168      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58633      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53075      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317251      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22868543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8692888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9760328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2083093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1747579                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1499636                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8521913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       119457                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       317251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34526087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24298562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                452954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1910723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8692888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9760328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8692888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.890630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.890630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       51422766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14181262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12847985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1899351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252190                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20158312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10801948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1899351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1363440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2408172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        503269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       300391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1220539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149711                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23216456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20808284     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         371165      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         182329      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         366648      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         113737      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         340702      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          52486      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          84795      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         896310      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23216456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19918362                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       545279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2403134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       347640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       175312                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12051238                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4577                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       347640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19945767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        326725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       135811                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2377684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        82822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12032184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        66401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15734702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     54484735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     54484735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12718731                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3015971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          179796                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       344459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        78171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         11968629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11193234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2189701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4507955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23216456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18305136     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1534468      6.61%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659687      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958151      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487954      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122205      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142646      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3450      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2759      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23216456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18299     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7532     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6171     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8757147     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85750      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008339     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341220      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11193234                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.445450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32002                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45642073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14159943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10906188                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11225236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       347640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        219416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11970222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       161670                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11053058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1980180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2321357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1681964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           341177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.439872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             10909028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            10906188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6607119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14269391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.434027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463027                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8695378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9763395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2207333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       151723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22868816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19247512     84.16%     84.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1413290      6.18%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916533      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287242      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482920      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92155      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58660      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53134      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317370      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22868816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8695378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9763395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2083544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1747861                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1500091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8524648                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       119512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       317370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           34522148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24289340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                452606                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1911465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8695378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9763395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8695378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.889802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.889802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       51423580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14181943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12844830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2039445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1671985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201930                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         792997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19473365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11603318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2039445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1001688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2549769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        577303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       652114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1201919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23047372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20497603     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         276707      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         319343      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         174545      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         200583      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         111260      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          75317      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         197537      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1194477      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23047372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19309974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       818924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2527315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        21159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       369999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       331183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2125                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14161658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        11193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       369999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19342500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        268058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       461843                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2517166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        87797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14151734                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        41376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19663598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     65895962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     65895962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16727262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2936336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          237784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1355116                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       737164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       163332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14127457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4197142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23047372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17432085     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2256928      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213699      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841947      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       733895      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       374449      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92063      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58318      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43988      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23047372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3343     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12933     43.85%     55.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13217     44.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11153524     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208587      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235664      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731095      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29493                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49757116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15934961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13102396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13359993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33325                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245726                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       369999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        220217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14131198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1355116                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2076                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       230386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13128751                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1889862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1836161                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           730833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522477                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13102663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13102396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7788326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20399726                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9825574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12054830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       202965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22677373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17752261     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283828     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958292      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       573802      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398273      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256867      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134662      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107491      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211897      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22677373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9825574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12054830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1827680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1109390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1725079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10868181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       245296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       211897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36596759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28632712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                301389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2080549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9825574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12054830                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9825574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.557400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.557400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59224063                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18181434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13218266                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2271020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893191                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830433                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244190                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19778647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12461186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2271020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1074623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2596906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        580524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       669595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1229902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23415061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20818155     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         158691      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         200399      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         320592      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         134339      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         171892      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         200539      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          91899      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1318555      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23415061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.495910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19663046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       796536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2584574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       369638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       344953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15228778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       369638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19683174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         63754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       677677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2565698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        55114                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15135531                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21140935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70384562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70384562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17668650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3472277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3697                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          194260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       740039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       168401                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14774925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14169014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14639                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3680849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23415061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17409894     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741379     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117500      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627647      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849990      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261920      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257891      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137932      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10908      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23415061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98050     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13075     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12679     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11937337     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193599      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298965      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737361      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14169014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.563875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008738                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51891529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16584426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13798386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14292818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10183                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       369638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         48961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6368                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14778642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116676                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       240328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13920910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2014526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1968087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           737257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.554002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13798471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13798386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8265330                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22205102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.549126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10279433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12666722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       210279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23045423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17682351     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718254     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988114      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490694      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449429      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189084      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186937      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89080      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251480      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23045423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10279433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12666722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1878253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1148397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1835965                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11404226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       261570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       251480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37572552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29927005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                302570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1712860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10279433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12666722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10279433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.444485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.444485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       62640137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19283027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14084771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25127917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1900449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1287023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111334                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20157861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10803668                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1900449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1363888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2408996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        503553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       303452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1220660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23220140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20811144     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         371749      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         182483      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         366683      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         113460      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         340823      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          52500      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          84699      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         896599      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23220140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.429947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19912737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       553429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2404046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2037                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       347890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       175741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12053945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4569                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       347890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19940640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        332320                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       137169                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2378219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        83895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12035341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        67362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15740044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     54496138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     54496138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12719229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3020815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          180704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       344544                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        78358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         11971284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11194398                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2191638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4511452                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23220140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18308138     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1535053      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659533      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958446      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487701      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122370      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142751      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3403      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2745      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23220140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18361     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7545     23.53%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6162     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8759101     78.25%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85735      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007483     17.93%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341301      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11194398                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.445496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32068                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45648329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14164544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10908175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11226466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8965                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       453624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8848                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       347890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        222604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11972881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344544                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       161799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11054392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979381                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2320644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1682535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           341263                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.439925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             10910991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            10908175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6607298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14269279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.434106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8695659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9763733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2209642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1568                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       151755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22872250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19250978     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1413359      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916754      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286749      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483222      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91869      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58588      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52990      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317741      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22872250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8695659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9763733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2083583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1747887                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1500150                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8524939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       119516                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       317741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           34527858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          24294893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                452541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1907777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8695659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9763733                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8695659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.889708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.889708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       51427954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14185043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12846482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2038684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9077                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19758606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11571755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2038684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1009164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2422947                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        586236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       354904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1217219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22917214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20494267     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         131848      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         206395      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         329460      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         135995      0.59%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         153237      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         162835      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         105761      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1197416      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22917214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19575915                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       539385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2415238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       380458                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       333914                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14128593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       380458                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19607203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        172580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       278694                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2390706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        87569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14119117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4118                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19601277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     65676682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     65676682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16680356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2920903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          265388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       722444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       166030                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14097276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13321975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1825407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4087906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22917214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17304262     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2249920      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231540      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840980      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787592      3.44%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224893      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176540      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59934      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41553      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22917214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3165     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9857     39.04%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12227     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160102     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210839      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231537      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717885      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13321975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49603268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15926465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13102475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13347224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          860                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       380458                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        118583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14100931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       232151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13128330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1875164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1846280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           717510                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522460                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13102695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13102475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7663476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20023027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9798086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12009794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       205120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22536756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17659177     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363009     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920479      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495097      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369933      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206760      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128739      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       113926      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279636      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22536756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9798086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12009794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1800836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1100911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1723870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10821777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       243972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       279636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36358000                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28582379                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                321204                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2210707                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9798086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12009794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9798086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.564574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.564574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389928                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389928                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59197527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18164961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13174984                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1900213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111012                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20157384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10803474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1900213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1363031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2408591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        504350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       300284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1220776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23216754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20808163     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         372022      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         182474      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         366830      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         113006      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         339997      1.46%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          52253      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          85021      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         896988      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23216754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429939                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19917755                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       544792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2403615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       175680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1942                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12052328                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4591                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19945132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        327276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       134838                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2378094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12033823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        66305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15737326                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     54486546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     54486546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12712021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3025258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          179250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2203456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       344177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11970245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11191278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2196089                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4525732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23216754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18306559     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1534224      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659677      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956364      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488849      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122242      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142631      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3448      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2760      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23216754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18451     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7553     23.48%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6163     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8755372     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85684      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008516     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340929      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11191278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.445372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45638878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14167947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10903721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11223445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       456046                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       348553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        220204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11971836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1244                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2203456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4062                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          237                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102759                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       161887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11051195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1980435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2321321                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1681832                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           340886                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.439797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10906571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10903721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6605006                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14256196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.433928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463308                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8691457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9758513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2213796                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       151889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22868201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19248787     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412325      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916100      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286907      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483105      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92304      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58476      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53105      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317092      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22868201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8691457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9758513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2082807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1747410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1499349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8520266                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       119404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       317092                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34523392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24293454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                452857                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1911167                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8691457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9758513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8691457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.891106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.891106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.345888                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.345888                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       51412145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14178651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12845824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25127921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2038367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667523                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         801072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208878                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19761970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11569978                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2038367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1009950                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2423337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        585739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       360202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1217343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22925811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20502474     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         132038      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         206660      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         329532      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136362      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         152121      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         163539      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         106349      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1196736      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22925811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19580596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       543505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2415382                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       380007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       333570                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14127515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       380007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19611713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        171816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       283265                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2391140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        87866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14117684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4815                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19597314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65671295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65671295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16684737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2912577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3615                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1998                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          264399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       722703                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14095059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13320587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822563                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4083850                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22925811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17312105     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252727      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1229740      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841035      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786613      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225511      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176772      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59828      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41480      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22925811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3163     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9916     39.20%     51.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12215     48.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11158737     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210831      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231337      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718069      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13320587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49609227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15921400                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13101822                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13345881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          860                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       380007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        118703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14098708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722703                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2001                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116703                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       232521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13127659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1875090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1845893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           717716                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522433                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13102050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13101822                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7662124                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20024544                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9800639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12012833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       205081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22545804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17666616     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364246     10.49%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920551      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494920      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370302      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206785      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128636      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114208      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279540      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22545804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9800639                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12012833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1801273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1101171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1724280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10824511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       244019                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       279540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36364938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28577512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                320765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2202110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9800639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12012833                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9800639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.563906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.563906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59193799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18163689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13173109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          37162                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.075503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1133950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          69930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.215501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           280.252562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.751114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   585.651464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.514586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1091.320382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.482270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1090.583855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.062854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   892.692114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.072749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   865.349506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.455550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   526.231858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.477639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1109.957189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.111399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1100.502980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.706092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   800.057280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.007997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   808.775800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.584564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   904.286802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.853937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   522.229361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.481430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   805.496884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.531900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1106.388188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.900078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   808.366122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.844863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1094.809565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           932.487995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1238.206666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1214.177570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1047.571226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1126.475290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           729.850954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1150.707436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1178.628473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1284.094633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1264.253535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1029.681901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           748.132330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1266.681857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1234.006608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1297.771472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1275.556625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.017873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.033304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.033282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.016059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.033873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.033585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.024682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.027597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.015937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.024582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.033764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.024669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.033411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.028457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.037787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.022273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.035969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.039187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.038582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.031423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.022831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.037659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.039605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.038927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   56415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 37132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  37150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 37150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5623932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    223092653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5532259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456458804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5667284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451435019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5320508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    319978024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5305145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    311751725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189575344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5444098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    460750789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5640833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    456634422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4503735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    309734223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    312969933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5069850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    326606556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5649075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    192865742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3925110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312866380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5465315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    460025364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4377919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    311140308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    451565287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5629971389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       175540                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       302501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       428068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       556976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       288100                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       145156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       165744                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       602998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2665083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5623932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    223092653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5532259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456634344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5667284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451737520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5320508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320406092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5305145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    312308701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189575344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5444098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    460750789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5640833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    456922522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4503735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    309879379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    313135677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5069850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    327209554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5649075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    192865742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3925110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312866380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5465315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    460025364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4377919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    311140308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    451565287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5632636472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5623932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    223092653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5532259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456634344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5667284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451737520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5320508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320406092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5305145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    312308701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189575344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5444098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    460750789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5640833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    456922522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4503735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    309879379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    313135677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5069850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    327209554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5649075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    192865742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3925110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    312866380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5465315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    460025364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4377919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    311140308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5347994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    451565287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5632636472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               93547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                93756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               93756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.364042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.419577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.427022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.337440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.377386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.425798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.396934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.086124                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.426121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.424902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.396241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.426121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.424902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.396241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147998.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151763.709524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149520.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151899.768386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153169.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151539.113461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156485.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151576.515396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156033.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151189.003395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151781.700560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151224.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152012.797427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156689.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151756.205384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155301.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150869.080857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153239.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151193.204348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153631.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151206.738889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148659.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153068.049206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145374.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150706.348748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147711.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151974.021804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150962.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151038.984466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148555.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152298.579089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151620.472611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       175540                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151250.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 142689.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       139244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       144050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       145156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       165744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150749.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148060.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147998.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151763.709524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149520.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151907.632735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153169.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151538.919826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156485.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151563.903500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156033.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151165.876573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151781.700560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151224.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152012.797427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156689.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151751.086682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155301.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150866.299416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153239.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151200.230324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153631.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151205.893715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148659.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153068.049206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145374.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150706.348748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147711.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151974.021804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150962.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151038.984466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148555.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152298.579089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151618.747564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147998.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151763.709524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149520.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151907.632735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153169.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151538.919826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156485.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151563.903500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156033.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151165.876573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151781.700560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151224.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152012.797427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156689.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151751.086682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155301.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150866.299416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153239.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151200.230324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153631.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151205.893715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148659.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153068.049206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145374.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150706.348748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147711.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151974.021804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150962.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151038.984466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148555.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152298.579089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151618.747564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8839                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8839                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            37132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            37150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3410214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    137484882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3380407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281552342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3516604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    278011628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    197042271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3328821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191668855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116857594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3351346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284307685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    281466876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2815488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    190157371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2659915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    192398112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3154077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    200786566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3437777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119509765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2357839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    191925795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3313039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    283789514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2689740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191180877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3252658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    278977498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3467939189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       117740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       186662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       253659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       324135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       171469                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        86360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       107210                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       369896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1617131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3410214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    137484882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3380407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281670082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3516604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    278198290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    197295930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3328821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191992990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116857594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3351346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284307685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    281638345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2815488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    190243731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2659915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    192505322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3154077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    201156462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3437777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119509765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2357839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    191925795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3313039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    283789514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2689740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191180877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3252658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    278977498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469556320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3410214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    137484882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3380407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    281670082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3516604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    278198290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    197295930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3328821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191992990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    116857594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3351346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    284307685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    281638345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2815488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    190243731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2659915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    192505322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3154077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    201156462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3437777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119509765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2357839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    191925795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3313039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    283789514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2689740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191180877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3252658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    278977498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469556320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.364042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.419577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.427022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.425120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.384547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.337440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.377386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.425798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.396934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.426121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.424902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.396241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.421776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.367354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.426121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.371697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.383960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.424902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.396241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89742.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93527.130612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91362.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93694.622962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95043.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93323.809332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98350.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93340.725249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97906.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92952.887973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93560.923939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93092.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93799.962059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98522.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93541.666999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97085.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92624.145641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94996.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92945.947826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95578.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92956.743519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90467.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94849.019841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87327.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92449.804913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89541.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93752.730096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92749.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92806.250971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90351.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94090.218550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93394.893596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       117740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        93331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        84553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81033.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85734.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        86360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       107210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        92474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89840.611111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89742.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93527.130612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91362.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93702.622089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95043.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93323.814156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98350.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93328.254494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97906.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92929.811229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93560.923939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93092.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93799.962059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98522.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93536.481235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97085.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92621.095910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94996.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92952.835345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95578.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92955.851201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90467.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94849.019841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87327.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92449.804913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89541.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93752.730096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92749.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92806.250971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90351.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94090.218550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93393.171467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89742.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93527.130612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91362.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93702.622089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95043.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93323.814156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98350.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93328.254494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97906.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92929.811229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93560.923939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93092.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93799.962059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98522.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93536.481235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97085.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92621.095910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94996.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92952.835345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95578.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92955.851201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90467.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94849.019841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87327.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92449.804913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89541.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93752.730096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92749.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92806.250971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90351.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94090.218550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93393.171467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              508.527542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1944137.275728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.527542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7371974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7371974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7371974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7371974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7371974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7371974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150448.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150448.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150448.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150448.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150448.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150448.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6156222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6156222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6156222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153905.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153905.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153905.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153905.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153905.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153905.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35424.384544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.954459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.045541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       840044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1549866725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1549866725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7038896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7038896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1556905621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1556905621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1556905621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1556905621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120321.925705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120321.925705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81847.627907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81847.627907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120066.755688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120066.755688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120066.755688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120066.755688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409748736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409748736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1000128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    410748864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    410748864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    410748864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    410748864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101473.188707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101473.188707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66675.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66675.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101344.402665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101344.402665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101344.402665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101344.402665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              523.722973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006992306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907182.397727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.722973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.054043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.839300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1216981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1216981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9644813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9644813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9644813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9644813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9644813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9644813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 185477.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185477.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 185477.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185477.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 185477.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185477.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7420226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7420226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7420226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7420226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7420226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7420226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195269.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195269.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195269.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195269.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195269.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195269.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167404693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22674.345523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.256074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.743926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       842253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       696631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2207553802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2207553802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9544371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9544371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2217098173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2217098173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2217098173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2217098173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       860553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       696719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1557272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1557272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120631.355301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120631.355301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108458.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108458.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120573.100555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120573.100555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120573.100555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120573.100555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    769859379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769859379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1367421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1367421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    771226800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771226800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    771226800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771226800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108247.944179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108247.944179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91161.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91161.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108211.982601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108211.982601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108211.982601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108211.982601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.939615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1006992635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1907183.020833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.939615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1217310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1217310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1217310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1217310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1217310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8782395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8782395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8782395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8782395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8782395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8782395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1217362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1217362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1217362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168892.211538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168892.211538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168892.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168892.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168892.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168892.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6872175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6872175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6872175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6872175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6872175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6872175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180846.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180846.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180846.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180846.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180846.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180846.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167405698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             22711.395740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.287152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.712848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.887840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.112160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       842838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       697145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1539983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1539983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2202132274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2202132274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9713472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9713472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2211845746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2211845746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2211845746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2211845746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       861139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       697237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1558376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1558376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120328.521611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120328.521611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105581.217391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105581.217391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120254.757027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120254.757027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120254.757027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120254.757027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    763655891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763655891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1354670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1354670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    765010561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765010561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    765010561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765010561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107557.167746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107557.167746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90311.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90311.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107520.809698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107520.809698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107520.809698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107520.809698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.369103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002526508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1939122.839458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.369103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1202357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1202357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7827738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7827738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7827738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7827738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7827738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7827738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170168.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170168.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170168.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170168.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170168.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170168.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6129803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6129803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6129803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6129803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6129803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6129803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175137.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175137.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175137.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175137.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175137.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175137.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158553359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26919.076231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.948382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.051618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.886517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.113483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       847426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       714568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1561994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1561994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2460831776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2460831776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59315384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59315384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2520147160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2520147160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2520147160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2520147160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       866754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       715058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127319.524834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127319.524834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121051.804082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121051.804082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127164.555455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127164.555455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127164.555455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127164.555455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    579641021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579641021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1490996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1490996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    581132017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    581132017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    581132017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    581132017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103212.432514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103212.432514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82833.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82833.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103147.322861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103147.322861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103147.322861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103147.322861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.567885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002527283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939124.338491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.567885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1203132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1203132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7605369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7605369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7605369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7605369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7605369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7605369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172849.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172849.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172849.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172849.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172849.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172849.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6066045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6066045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6066045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6066045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6066045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6066045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173315.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173315.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173315.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173315.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173315.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173315.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158553798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26964.931633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.931184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.068816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       847397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       715027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1562424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1562424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2461423536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2461423536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59693608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59693608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2521117144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2521117144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2521117144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2521117144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       715516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126942.936359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126942.936359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122072.817996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122072.817996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126823.137180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126823.137180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126823.137180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126823.137180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    573321729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573321729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1615481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1615481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    574937210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574937210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    574937210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574937210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102269.305922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102269.305922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89748.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89748.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102229.233642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102229.233642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102229.233642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102229.233642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.489496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004329520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2037179.553753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.489496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1230080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1230080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1230080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1230080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1230080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1230133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1230133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1230133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148945789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37245.758690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.369444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.630556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.856912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.143088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       979067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        979067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       726968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1706035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1706035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1706035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1706035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1026645175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1026645175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4536846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4536846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1031182021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1031182021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1031182021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1031182021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       988591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       727029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1715620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1715620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1715620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1715620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107795.587463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107795.587463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74374.524590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74374.524590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107582.892123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107582.892123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107582.892123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107582.892123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    368762244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368762244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       911098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       911098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    369673342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369673342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    369673342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369673342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98863.872386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98863.872386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70084.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70084.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98763.917179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98763.917179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98763.917179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98763.917179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              522.764761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006992244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1910801.222011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.764761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1216919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1216919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1216919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1216919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1216919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8647782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8647782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8647782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8647782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8647782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8647782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1216966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1216966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1216966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183995.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183995.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183995.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6941467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6941467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6941467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187607.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187607.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187607.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187607.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187607.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187607.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167405812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22717.575248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.192935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.807065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       842771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       697238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1540009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1540009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1540009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1540009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2196772057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2196772057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8066614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8066614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2204838671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2204838671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2204838671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2204838671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       861005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       697327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1558332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1558332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120476.695020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120476.695020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90636.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90636.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120331.750860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120331.750860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120331.750860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120331.750860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    769125884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769125884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1180159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    770306043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    770306043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    770306043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770306043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108358.112708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108358.112708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 78677.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78677.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108295.521299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108295.521299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108295.521299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108295.521299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              522.171976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1006992696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1910802.079696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.171976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1217371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1217371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1217371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1217371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1217371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8747157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8747157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8747157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8747157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8747157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8747157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1217419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1217419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1217419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182232.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182232.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182232.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182232.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182232.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182232.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6867025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6867025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185595.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185595.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185595.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185595.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 185595.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185595.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167404506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             22779.222479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.290089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    28.709911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.887852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.112148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       842260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       696476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1538736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1538736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2187536324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2187536324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10472695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10472695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2198009019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2198009019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2198009019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2198009019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       860407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       696567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1556974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1556974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1556974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1556974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120545.342150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120545.342150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115084.560440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115084.560440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120518.095131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120518.095131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120518.095131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120518.095131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    766087030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    766087030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1443039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1443039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    767530069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767530069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    767530069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767530069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108234.957615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108234.957615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96202.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96202.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108209.512054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108209.512054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108209.512054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108209.512054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.987071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921365807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1654157.642729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.818884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.168187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1220775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1220775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5971027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5971027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5971027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5971027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5971027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5971027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165861.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165861.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165861.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165861.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165861.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165861.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5170018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5170018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5170018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172333.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172333.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172333.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172333.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172333.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172333.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205506366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35542.436181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   194.263313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    61.736687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.758841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.241159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1813068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2082253394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2082253394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3394281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3394281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2085647675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2085647675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2085647675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2085647675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1832157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       333933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2166090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2166090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109081.324009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109081.324009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113142.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113142.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109087.696794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109087.696794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109087.696794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109087.696794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565715018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565715018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       523745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       523745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    566238763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566238763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    566238763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566238763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102484.604710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102484.604710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87290.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87290.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102468.107673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102468.107673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102468.107673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102468.107673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              551.174782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              921365536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1657132.258993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.006786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.167996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.040075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1220504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1220504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1220504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1220504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1220504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5894974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5894974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5894974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5894974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5894974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5894974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1220539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1220539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1220539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168427.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168427.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168427.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168427.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168427.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168427.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4957435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4957435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4957435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4957435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170946.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170946.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170946.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170946.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170946.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170946.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205506866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35616.441248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   193.246339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    62.753661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.754869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.245131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1813402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       334071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       334071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2147473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2147473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086517549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086517549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2983422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2983422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2089500971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089500971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2089500971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089500971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1832431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       334101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       334101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2166532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2166532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109649.353566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109649.353566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99447.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99447.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109633.295084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109633.295084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109633.295084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109633.295084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566286110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566286110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       545480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       545480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566831590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566831590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    566831590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566831590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102811.566812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102811.566812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90913.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90913.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102798.619877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102798.619877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102798.619877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102798.619877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.090156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1002526028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1942879.899225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.090156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.045016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1201877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1201877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1201877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1201877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1201877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7027624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7027624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7027624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7027624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7027624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7027624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1201919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1201919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1201919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167324.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167324.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167324.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167324.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5726810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5726810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5726810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5726810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168435.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168435.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168435.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168435.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168435.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168435.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              158552441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             26909.782926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.918780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.081220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.886401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.113599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       846838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       714230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1561068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1561068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2482703557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2482703557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62992705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62992705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2545696262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2545696262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2545696262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2545696262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       866299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       714738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1581037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1581037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127573.277684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127573.277684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124001.387795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124001.387795                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127482.410837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127482.410837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127482.410837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127482.410837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    583324131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    583324131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1787947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1787947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    585112078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585112078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    585112078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585112078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103849.765177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103849.765177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94102.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94102.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103816.905252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103816.905252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103816.905252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103816.905252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.758952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1004329289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2033055.240891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.758952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1229849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1229849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1229849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1229849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1229849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8381942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8381942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8381942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8381942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8381942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8381942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1229902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1229902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1229902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158149.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158149.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158149.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158149.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158149.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158149.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6449700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6449700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6449700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6449700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6449700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6449700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165376.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165376.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165376.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148944060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37217.406297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.381302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.618698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.856958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.143042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       978050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       726250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1704300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1704300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1037521827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1037521827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3788573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3788573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1041310400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1041310400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1041310400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1041310400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       987581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       726295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1713876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1713876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000062                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108857.604344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108857.604344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84190.511111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84190.511111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108741.687552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108741.687552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108741.687552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108741.687552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370973452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370973452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       807724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       807724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    371781176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371781176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    371781176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371781176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99350.147831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99350.147831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67310.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67310.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99247.510945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99247.510945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99247.510945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99247.510945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.732705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              921365656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1660118.299099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.564797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.167908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1220624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1220624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5402920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5402920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5402920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5402920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5402920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5402920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150081.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150081.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150081.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150081.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150081.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150081.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4554531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4554531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4554531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4554531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4554531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4554531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162661.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162661.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162661.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162661.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162661.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162661.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              205505598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35659.482561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   193.201081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    62.798919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.754692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.245308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1812117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       334083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       334083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2146200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2146200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2101109414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2101109414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2584718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2584718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2103694132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2103694132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2103694132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103694132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1831273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       334113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       334113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2165386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2165386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109684.141470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109684.141470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86157.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109647.353904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109647.353904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109647.353904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109647.353904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    566737521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566737521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       424559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       424559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    567162080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567162080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    567162080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567162080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103024.453917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103024.453917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70759.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70759.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102989.300890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102989.300890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102989.300890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102989.300890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              523.717989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1006992495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1907182.755682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.717989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.839292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1217170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1217170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8436153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8436153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8436153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8436153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8436153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8436153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172166.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172166.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172166.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172166.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172166.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172166.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6666329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6666329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6666329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175429.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175429.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175429.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175429.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175429.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175429.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167404589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22683.548645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.246490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.753510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       842221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       696552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1538773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1538773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2208556943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2208556943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8602478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8602478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2217159421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2217159421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2217159421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2217159421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       860434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       696644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1557078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1557078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121262.666392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121262.666392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93505.195652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93505.195652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121123.158754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121123.158754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121123.158754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121123.158754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    768674923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    768674923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1252757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1252757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    769927680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769927680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    769927680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769927680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108127.011253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108127.011253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83517.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83517.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108075.193711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108075.193711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108075.193711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108075.193711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              551.569365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921365771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1654157.578097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.401195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.168171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1220739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1220739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5740127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5740127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5740127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5740127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5740127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5740127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155138.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155138.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155138.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155138.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155138.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155138.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4913723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4913723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4913723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163790.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163790.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163790.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163790.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163790.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163790.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205506982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35517.971310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   193.961855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    62.038145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.757663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.242337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1813803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       333786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2147589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2147589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2097875265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097875265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2639360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2639360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2100514625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2100514625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2100514625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2100514625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1832909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       333816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2166725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2166725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109801.908563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109801.908563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87978.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87978.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109767.695704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109767.695704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109767.695704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109767.695704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567055928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567055928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       416115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567472043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567472043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567472043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567472043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102653.136857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102653.136857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69352.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69352.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102617.005967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102617.005967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102617.005967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102617.005967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              521.972763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006992619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1910801.933586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.972763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1217294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1217294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8115401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8115401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8115401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8115401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8115401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8115401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165620.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165620.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165620.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6440094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6440094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6440094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6440094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174056.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174056.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174056.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174056.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174056.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174056.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167405598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22732.970940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.292277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.707723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       843071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        843071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2203496036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2203496036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8253274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8253274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2211749310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2211749310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2211749310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2211749310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       861277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       696819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1558096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1558096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121031.310337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.310337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89709.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89709.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120873.828287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120873.828287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120873.828287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120873.828287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    765893092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765893092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1128219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1128219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    767021311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767021311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    767021311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767021311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107978.724376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107978.724376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75214.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75214.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107909.582302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107909.582302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107909.582302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107909.582302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
